

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950103-15-004782
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150612
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150612
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Synutra International
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001293593
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33397
		FILM NUMBER:		15928846
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15200 SHADY GROVE ROAD #350
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3018403888
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15200 SHADY GROVE ROAD #350
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vorsatech Ventures
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040614









     






 D.C.&nbsp;&nbsp;20549





&nbsp;ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


 2015



&nbsp;TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


to 





SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.





    
    
    

    
        
        
        
        
    
    
        
        
        
        

    
    
2275 Research Blvd.
 Suite 500&nbsp;
Rockville
 Maryland 20850
    

(Address of Principal Executive Offices
 Zip Code)



    

    

(Registrant&rsquo;s Telephone Number
 Including Area Code)



12(b) of the Act:



    
    

    
    


12(g) of the Act:&nbsp;None


Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K 


whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo;
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;





    
    
    
    




Indicate
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No 


of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing sales price of the registrant&rsquo;s
common stock on September 30
 2014 (the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter)
as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market
 was $96.5 million. For purposes of this disclosure
 shares of common stock held
by persons who hold more than 10% of the outstanding shares of common stock and shares held by officers and directors of the registrant
have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination is not necessarily conclusive for other
purposes.


 2015
 there
were 57
300
713 shares of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock outstanding.




    
    












    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    



    
    

Item 5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

    
    

Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

    
    

Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    

    
    




    
    


CONVENTIONS THAT APPLY TO THIS ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K


otherwise requires and for purposes of this Annual Report on Form 10-K only:



    
    
&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our company
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; and &ldquo;Synutra&rdquo; refer to Synutra International
 Inc.
 and its consolidated subsidiaries;




    
    
&ldquo;China&rdquo; or &ldquo;PRC&rdquo; refers to the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 excluding Taiwan and the Special Administrative Regions of Hong Kong and Macau;




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
all references to &ldquo;U.S. dollars
&rdquo; &ldquo;dollars
&rdquo; or &ldquo;$&rdquo; are to the legal currency of the United States.



add to the totals due to rounding.


all translations from Renminbi to U.S. dollars and all translations from EUR to U.S. dollars were made at the mid rate published
by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China
 or the mid rate
 as of March 31
 2015
 which was RMB 6.1422 to $1.00 and EUR 0.9216 to $1.00
respectively. We make no representation that the Renminbi and EURO amounts referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K could
have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars at any particular rate or at all. On June 9
 2015
 the mid rate was RMB&nbsp;6.1179 to $1.00 and EUR 0.8848 to $1.00.



This Annual Report
on Form 10-K
 or Form 10-K
 contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995
 that are based on our current expectations
 assumptions
 estimates and projections about us and our industry.
All statements other than statements of historical fact in this Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. In some cases
 these
forward-looking statements can be identified by words or phrases such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;is/are likely to
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;aim
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; or other similar
expressions. The forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K relate to
 among others:



    
    
    




    
    
our future business development
 financial condition and results of operations;




    
    
    




    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    


These forward-looking
statements involve various risks and uncertainties. Although we believe that our expectations expressed in these forward-looking
statements are reasonable
 our expectations may turn out to be incorrect. Our actual results could be materially different from
our expectations. Important risks and factors that could cause our actual results to be materially different from our expectations
are generally set forth in the &ldquo;Item 1. Business
&rdquo; &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors
&rdquo; &ldquo;Item 7. Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&rdquo; and other sections in this Form 10-K.

The forward-looking
statements are made as of the date of this Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect
events or circumstances after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.



    
    




General Development and Narrative Description
of Business


infant formula company in China. We principally engage in the production
 distribution and sale of dairy based nutritional
products under the &ldquo;Shengyuan&rdquo; or &ldquo;Synutra&rdquo; line of brands in the PRC. We focus on selling powdered
formula products for infants and adults
 and also engage in other nutritional product offerings
 such as prepared foods and
certain nutritional supplements. We sell most of our products through an extensive nationwide sales and distribution network
covering all provinces and provincial-level municipalities in mainland China. As of March 31
 2015
 this network comprised
over 740 independent distributors and over 310 independent sub-distributors who sell our products in approximately 21
000
retail outlets.


2013
 the Company operated and reported its performance in four segments. However
 starting from fiscal year 2015
 the Company
has operated the Powdered Formula and Foods segments as a single business segment based on a shared distribution network and similar
marketing strategies. Therefore
 there are only three reportable segments for fiscal year 2015
 and the segment information in
prior years was restated to be consistent with the current year reportable segments. The three reportable segments are:



    
Nutritional Food: includes the sale of
    powdered infant and adult formula products
 with major brands including Super
 My Angel and Dutch Cow
 as well as the sale of
    prepared foods under the brand of Huiliduo;





    
Nutritional Supplement: includes the
    production and sale of nutritional supplements such as chondroitin sulfate to third parties
 and microencapsulated
    Docosahexanoic Acid (&ldquo;DHA&rdquo;) and Arachidonic Acid (&ldquo;ARA&rdquo;) to the nutritional food segment for use in
    powdered formula production;     and




    
Other Business: includes non-core
    businesses such as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers
 providing genetic
    diagnostic services for&nbsp;new born babies
 and sales of cosmetics to pregnant women.




    
    





Inc is a Delaware holding company that conducts its business through its operating subsidiaries in China. It owns all or a majority
of the equity interests in its operating subsidiaries
 directly or indirectly
 through Synutra
 Inc.
 or Synutra Illinois
 an intermediate
holding company
 and Synutra International Company Limited. Synutra Illinois was incorporated in Illinois in 2000 and has no significant
assets or other operations of its own. Our corporate structure reflects common practice for companies with operations in the PRC
where separate legal entities are often used for tax or administrative reasons.


 2005
 Synutra
Illinois completed a reverse acquisition transaction with Vorsatech Ventures
 Inc.
 or Vorsatech. Upon the consummation of this
share exchange transaction
 Vorsatech&rsquo;s total issued and outstanding common stock equaled 50
000
713 shares
 including 48
879
500
shares issued pursuant to the reverse acquisition transaction and 1
121
213 shares owned by Vorsatech&rsquo;s existing stockholders.
Thereafter
 Synutra Illinois became Vorsatech&rsquo;s wholly owned subsidiary and Vorsatech became the reporting entity for our
business. We subsequently changed the name of the reporting entity to Synutra International
 Inc.


 2007
 we entered
into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P.
 or Warburg
 pursuant to which we sold 4
000
000
shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $66 million. The closing of the transaction took place on June 15
2007.


 2010
 we completed
an offering (&ldquo;Offering&rdquo;) of 3
300
000 shares of common stock at a price to public of $19.00 per share. The net proceeds
from the Offering
 after deducting underwriting discounts
 commissions and offering expenses
 totaled approximately $58.8 million.


description of our major operating subsidiaries:



    
Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 or Shengyuan Nutrition
 located in Qingdao
 Shandong
 China
 was established by Synutra Illinois in September 2001 and is engaged in the dry-mixing
 packaging
 shipping and distribution of all of our powdered formula products.




    
Synutra France International SAS
 or Synutra France
 located in Carhaix
 France
 was established in June 7
 2012 to manufacture milk powder
 fat-enriched demineralized whey protein powder and infant milk powdered formula. Synutra France is currently under construction and in the pre-operating stage.





    
Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.
 or Mengyuan
 located in Fengzhen
 Inner Mongolia
 China
 commenced operations in July 2007. Mengyuan is engaged in processing whey protein into high oil whey protein
 an ingredient used in powdered formula production.




    
Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.
 or Inner Mongolia Huiliduo
 formerly known as Inner Mongolia Shengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.
 located in Zhenglanqi
 Inner Mongolia
 China
 was established in September 2006. Inner Mongolia Huiliduo began operations in August 2010 to produce prepared baby food
 using the Huiliduo brand.




    
Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.
 or Meitek
 located in Qingdao
 Shandong
 China
 was established in November 2006 to produce certain nutritional supplements. Meitek began operations in October 2008.




    
Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.
 or Huimin
 a variable interest entity which was incorporated on July 10
 2008
 provides genetic diagnostic services for&nbsp;new born babies in cooperation with medical institutions
 together with its subsidiary. The purpose of these activities is primarily marketing in nature to support our brand and product promotion. The operations and assets and liabilities associated with these consolidated variable interest entities are insignificant.




    
Synutra International (HK) Company Limited
 or Synutra HK
 registered in Hong Kong
 was established in December 2008. The major function of Synutra HK is USD financing in Hong Kong. 




    
Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.
 or Precious Care
 located in Shanghai
 China
 was established in June 2014 to engage in the sale of cosmetics to pregnant women.




    
    



our organizational structure as of March 31
 2015. Unless specifically indicated otherwise
 our subsidiaries are organized in mainland
China.

Organization chart of Synutra International
Inc.




the structure of our control agreements and the affiliated entities consolidated into our group consolidated financial results
as a result of the control agreements:





    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
Business Operating Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Huimin
 Jibin Zhang (who is our Director of Treasury) and Yunpeng Jiang (who is our Director of Strategic Development);




    
    
Call Option Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Huimin
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang;




    
    
Pledge Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang; and




    
    
Entrustment Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang.



of the control agreements
 see &ldquo;Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.&rdquo;



    
    





products under the Synutra
 or Shengyuan
 brand which has been associated with infant formula products in China for more than 10
years. In addition to the Synutra
 or Shengyuan brand
 our products are marketed in China under brands that we have developed through
our national sales and marketing efforts.




brands include several of China&rsquo;s leading infant and adult formula brands
 which mainly include Super
 My Angel and Dutch
Cow. We have positioned these brands as high quality brands
&nbsp;providing unique
 clinically supported health and developmental
benefits. Our infant powdered formula products include DHA and ARA
 which support brain and immune system development of infants.
Building upon the strength of our formula brands
 we are extending into the prepared baby food and adult food market
 using the
Huiliduo brand.




brand to meet the nutritional needs of the broader consumer population in China. The products of our Meitek brand use raw materials
of type II collagen
 which are believed to help relieve joint discomfort
 and glucosamine and chondroitin
 which clinical studies
indicate may help slow down the aging of joints. In addition
 we have launched Chondro Gold and Chodro Cal brands of chondroitin
sulfate sodium and chondroitin sulfate calcium materials intended for the dietary ingredients industry in North America and the
rest of the world.

We
launched the &ldquo;Precious Care&rdquo; (Zhen Yun) brand of skincare cosmetics for pregnant and postpartum women in June 2014.
&nbsp;The products under our Precious Care brand are manufactured by original equipment manufacturer (&ldquo;OEM&rdquo;) suppliers
using skincare materials with no hormones or other additives
minimize
the irritation to pregnant and postpartum women.




 there are five
stages of pediatric development and we produce different products for each of these stages. The general stages of pediatric development
are as below:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



provides powdered formula products for adults
 including special products for students
 women and older people
 to address their&nbsp;respective
needs.


    
    







by category of production process and usage as well as internal resource allocation into three segments: (1) Nutritional Food
(2) Nutritional Supplement
 and (3) Other Business. Sales of nutritional food
 nutritional supplement
 and other business comprised
93%
 5%
 and 2% of our net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 respectively.






include formulas for regular feeding and specialty formula products. The following illustrates our key infant formula brands and
products:





    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



infant formula as a breast milk substitute for healthy
 full-term infants without special nutritional needs
 both for use as
the infant&rsquo;s sole source of nutrition and as a supplement to breastfeeding. We endeavor to develop regular infant
formula closer to breast milk.


to as a &ldquo;formula
&rdquo; as it is formulated for the specific nutritional needs of an infant of a given age. Generally
 our
regular infant formula has the following four main components: (1) protein from cow&rsquo;s milk that is processed to have an amino
acid profile similar to human milk
 (2) a blend of vegetable fats (including DHA/ARA) to replace bovine milk fat in order to better
resemble the composition of human milk
 (3) a carbohydrate
 generally lactose from cow&rsquo;s milk and (4) a vitamin and mineral
&ldquo;micronutrient&rdquo; pre-mix that is blended into the product to meet the specific needs of the infant at a given age. Patterned
after breast milk
 which changes composition to meet the infant&rsquo;s changing nutritional needs
 we produce stage&nbsp;1 &amp;
2 infant formulas for babies from new born to twelve months old.


    
    







    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
Formulas addressing Calcium
 Iron or Zinc Deficiency




    
    
    



are designed for infants with special conditions who cannot consume regular infant formulas. We market these products under the
Super Formula brand name.


are designed for infants that are lactose intolerant. Lactose is substituted by maltodextrin in this formula
 and it is mainly
for infants with diarrhea.


low birth weight infants are designed to meet these infants&rsquo; unique needs. Typically
 such infants need extra assistance
obtaining the requisite nutrition. They require a higher density of nutrients and calories because they cannot take in enough volume
of breast milk or regular infant formula. We have formula for infants both when they are under intensive care in the hospital
and after they are discharged from the hospital.


calcium
 iron or zinc deficiency for infants with special needs from stage 1 to stage 3.


formula
 or formulas for special medical purposes
 for nutritional management of infants who are born with rare digestive or metabolism
disorders.

Children&rsquo;s Formula (Stage 3 and Stage
4)


formula products under the Synutra family of brands. Super
 My Angel
 Dutch Cow and Super brand formulas addressing Calcium
 Iron
or Zinc Deficiency are produced for stage 3 and 4. We design these products to meet the changing nutrition needs of children at
different stages of development. We offer products at stages 3 and 4 that are designed for children&rsquo;s nutritional needs at
one to three years of age and three to seven years of age
 respectively. These products are not breast milk substitutes and are
not designed for use as the sole source of nutrition but instead are designed to be a part of a child&rsquo;s appropriate diet.
Our use of the Synutra brand allows for a consistent image across our stages 3 and 4 products.


products as supplements for children over 6 months. Our rice cereal products are produced using rice
 fruit
 vegetable
 meat
 vitamins
and minerals. We believe that rice cereal products are essential supplements to formula milk.




formulas for expectant and nursing mothers under Super brand. Our products for expectant or nursing mothers provide the developing
fetus or breastfed infant with vitamin supplements and/or an increased supply of DHA for brain development. These products also
supplement the mother&rsquo;s diet by providing either DHA or ARA with increased proteins
 as well as vitamins and minerals.


for adult
 such as formula with multi-vitamin
 formula with high calcium
 formula for the elderly
 formula for women
 and formula
for students under the Dutch Cow brand. These products are developed to address specific types of consumer profiles and nutritional
needs.


the &ldquo;Ji Shan&rdquo; (Gourmet) series of Dutch Cow brand adult formula products which&nbsp;come in gift box sets that emphasize
the health benefits (including high fiber and low sugar) of the formula.



    
    






prepared pureed food for babies
 children and adult. Baby food products are designed to be part of a child&rsquo;s healthy diet
with enhanced nutritional value. Adult food products are designed mainly for patients with special nutritional needs after surgical
operations.




segment covers the production and sale of nutritional supplement such as chondroitin sulfate
 collagen
 microencapsulated DHA and
ARA. Chondroitin sulfate and collagen is mainly for industrial sales and export
 with a small portion used in our self-developed
nutritional products. Microencapsulated DHA and ARA powders are produced mainly for internal use in powdered formula production
process.




includes ancillary sales of surplus milk powder and whey protein to industrial customers
 providing genetic diagnostic services
for&nbsp;new born babies
 and sales of cosmetics to pregnant women.






March 31
 2015
 we imported all of the milk powder used for our powdered formula products from Fonterra Co-operative Group (&ldquo;Fonterra&rdquo;)
in New Zealand. We imported all of the&nbsp;whey&nbsp;powder used for infant powdered formula products from Euros&eacute;rum S.A.S
(&ldquo;Euros&eacute;rum&rdquo;) in France. We purchased other ingredients for our formula mostly from domestic suppliers.


oil to produce high oil whey protein at our Fengzhen facilities
 or engage a third party to produce high oil whey protein using
whey protein and oil provided by us. In rare cases
 when whey protein powder is in short supply
 we use whey protein concentrates
and lactose instead in the production.


milk powder is mixed in large automated mechanical mixers with high oil whey protein powder and other additives in a method known
as dry-mixing. Our dry-mixing equipment can automatically adjust the level of ingredients to achieve the complex formulations required
by our premium products. The resulting milk powder is then checked to ensure proper granule size before packaging and distribution.


2015
 Organic Super product&nbsp;was contract manufactured by Nutribio
 a French company
 and Dutch Cow infant formula
product was contract manufactured by Friesland/Campina
 a Dutch company. These products are produced according to our
specification and the quality standards of both companies/countries.



    
    







facilities
 which are all owned by us
 are located in various locations in China
 including Qingdao
 Fengzhen and Zhenglanqi. These
facilities encompass approximately 106
000 square meters of office
 plant
 and warehouse space. Our distribution center located
in Qingdao includes approximately 25
000 square meters of owned space. All of our production facilities are built based on the
GMP standard
 with equipment imported from Europe and all of our facilities that have commenced operations have ISO9000 and HACCP
series qualifications with some also being ISO14000 certified.


and Fengzhen facilities are for our powdered formula production. As of March 31
 2015
 we had high oil whey protein
processing capacity of approximately 3
800 tons per year for the Fengzhen facility
 and had packaging capacity of
approximately 75
000 tons per year and dry-mixing processing capacity of approximately 78
000 tons per year for the Qingdao
facility. We disposed  the Zhangjiakou facility in June 2014. We purchase high oil whey powder from the Zhangjiakou facility
based on prevailing market price to use in the production of powered formula products.


as our dry-mixing and packaging plant. Various ingredients
 such as milk powder
 high oil whey protein powder and nutritional additives
arrive at our Qingdao facility from our production facilities and our suppliers
 and are mixed using the dry-mixing method. Qingdao
facility packages the mixed ingredients into retail-size tin canisters or stand up/display pouches or sealed packages in boxes.
This packaging facility also provides inventory control and logistics management
 product quality monitoring and product development
assistance.


for prepared foods is located in Zhenglanqi
 Inner Mongolia. As of March 31
 2015
 the Zhenglanqi facility had a processing capacity
for prepared foods of 9
000 tons per year.


for nutritional supplements is located in Qingdao. As of March 31
 2015
 this facility had a processing capacity of 500 tons per
year for chondroitin sulfate
 500 tons per year for collagen protein
 and 700 tons for microencapsulated DHA and ARA powders.


to the installed capacity
 location and function of our processing and packaging facilities
 see &ldquo;




formula products come in three types of retail packaging: tin canisters
 standup/display pouches
 or sealed packages in a box.
All packaging labels carry product information
 nutritional profile
 user instructions
 product tracing data and shelf life date
product certification status
 quality control and assurance remarks
 manufacturer contact information
 as well as customer service
information that comply with PRC labeling requirements. Selected products are also retail-packaged in single-use sizes. Before
any product leaves our packaging facility to distributors
 we engage in an extensive testing and inspection of the final product.






maintaining a regular and adequate supply of high-quality raw materials. In the aftermath of the melamine contamination incident
we decided to use 100% imported milk powder for the production of our powdered formula products. Currently
 all of the milk powder
used in our production is from New Zealand. Milk powder constitutes approximately 20% to 40% of the final powdered infant formula
product by weight
 depending on the product stage.


powder is the other key ingredient used in the production of our powdered infant formula products. Oil-wrapped whey powder is produced
from whey powder and blended vegetable oil. Like all powdered milk producers
 we use oil-wrapped whey powder as the active ingredient
to help reconstituted dairy-based formula to mimic the consistency of breast milk. Whey powder constitutes approximately 44% to
55% of the final powdered infant formula product by weight
 and blended vegetable fats constitute approximately 10% to 20%
 depending
on the product stage. Whey powder is a byproduct of cheese-making processes
 and is difficult and costly to produce as a stand-alone
product. Since China is not a large consumer or producer of cheese and cheese products
&nbsp;Chinese infant formula manufacturers&nbsp;typically
obtain whey powder in volume from overseas sources.&nbsp;To achieve the oil-wrapping for the whey powder
 we used blended vegetable
fats in our spray-drying powder infant formula production processes as a binder for the dry ingredients
 helping to diminish the
occurrence of &ldquo;lumpiness&rdquo; or uneven texture when reconstituting powdered infant formula. We purchased blended vegetable
fats within China.


prices of milk powder can fluctuate over relatively short periods of time depending on market conditions. Our sourcing team monitors
price movements and makes major purchases at times when prices are attractive
 subject to projected customer order flow and other
factors.


including our powdered infant formulas
 also include additives such as DHA and ARA fatty acids and other nutritional additives
which constitute approximately 5% of the final powdered infant formula product by weight. DHA and ARA fatty acids are long-chain
poly-unsaturated fatty acids found in breast milk that are believed to aid in the development of an infant&rsquo;s brain
 eyes
and nervous system. Studies have suggested that DHA and ARA fortification can replicate some of the nutritional benefits of breast
milk in infant formulas. Currently we purchase DHA oil and ARA oil from third parties
 and produce microencapsulated DHA and ARA
powders at our Meitek facility for internal use.&nbsp;


from third-party suppliers for the production of chondroitin sulfate
 a substance that provides nutrients for joints
 tendon
 ligaments
and bones
 in our Meitek facility.



    
    






 we purchase
all of our milk powder from Fonterra in New Zealand. The purchase prices are determined through Fonterra&rsquo;s online auction
process and we do not sign long term contracts with our suppliers.


whey powder from Euros&eacute;rum. The purchase prices are determined through Euros&eacute;rum quotation process and we do not
sign long term contracts with our suppliers.


 2012
we entered into a partnership agreement
 a milk supply agreement
 a whey supply agreement
 a whey powder supply agreement
 and
a technical assistance agreement with Sodiaal Union
 a French agricultural cooperative company (&ldquo;Sodiaal&rdquo;)
 and Euroserum
SAS
 a&nbsp;wholly-owned subsidiary of Sodiaal (&ldquo;Euroserum&rdquo;). Under these agreements
 we are building a new drying
facility in Carhaix
 France
 to manufacture milk powder and fat-filled demineralized whey powder (the &ldquo;French Project&rdquo;).
For details
 see &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &ndash; Liquidity
and Capital Resources&rdquo;.






products to distributors and in limited circumstances directly to retailers such as supermarkets. With the introduction
of My Angel series infant powdered formula products in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011
 we began to sell directly to baby
stores. Our sales and marketing approach combines advertising
 brand-building and store-level promotions. Our customer relations
management team
 or CRM
&nbsp;uses our customer relations management database in order to acquire
 process
 and manage targeted
customer information.


network that covers all the provinces and provincial-level municipalities in mainland China. Our sales group is divided into multiple
sub-sales regions. Each sub-sales region covers between eight to twenty urban sales areas which act as independent operating units
while each urban sales area covers three to twenty county sales areas. As of March 31
 2015
 we had a sales and marketing force
of approximately 1
600 employees
 complemented by approximately 7
500 full time or part time commissioned field nutrition consultants
or retail site promoters employed by our distributors and sub-distributors to promote and sell our products.


with each retail outlet to manage the sales process and to collect customer and purchasing related data. We use multiple criteria
to select our distributors
 including reviewing each potential distributor&rsquo;s financial condition. City managers are rotated
periodically among various cities. We have set up a sales budget management team to manage our sales expenses and to supervise
the execution of our budgeting plan. This team reports directly to the director of marketing and sales.


personnel through a combination of fixed salaries and bonuses based on sales volume. Our targeted sales incentive programs compensate
our sales personnel on a product-specific level
 thereby enabling us to incentivize our sales personnel to focus their sales and
promotion efforts on certain product lines
 such as our premium product lines or larger product packages.


    
    





directly with over 740 independent distributors
 who in turn work with over 310 independent sub-distributors
 and
approximately 21
000 retail outlets. Our dry-mixing and packaging subsidiary
 Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 also
serves as our national distribution center for our distributors in China. Through the personal digital assistant
(&ldquo;PDA&rdquo;) devices and cell phone applications we installed for each distributor
 we can monitor their inventory
level closely. We accept purchase orders each month from the distributors. Our sales personnel also regularly inspect and
perform stocktaking on distributors&rsquo; inventories to identify and control any potential inventory buildup. We employ
trucking companies locally and nationally to distribute retail packaged products to various regional and provincial
distributors.


have exclusive distribution rights in their respective regions and cities to distribute our products
 and are also responsible
for developing the sub-distributors in their own region and cities. We typically enter into a contract with each of our distributors
that establishes the range of sales obligations and their respective discount level on top of our standard manufacturer&rsquo;s
prices. However
 our obligation to sell and the distributor&rsquo;s obligation to purchase arise only at the time a purchase order
is accepted. We seek to carefully manage our distributors through an evaluation system that monitors and grades each distributor
with respect to performance criteria such as monthly sales and investment in promotional activities. We seek to incentivize well-performing
distributors by providing more discounts
 larger sales territory and other incentives. While we do not directly manage our sub-distributors
we do track sub-distributor performance through coordinated efforts between our own sales personnel in the field and the distributors.
We do not accept product returns except in the event of package damage during delivery and for certain supermarket retailers.


our nutritional products across mainland China. Our logistics center in our Qingdao facilities occupies an area of 25
000 square
meters. This logistics center can currently dispatch 6
900 tons of our products for shipment to our distributors per month. Our
Qingdao facility also has the capability to respond to urgent requests for product shipments within an average of five days.


more than 20 transportation companies that transport our goods directly from our Qingdao facilities to distributors in a timely
and efficient manner.


resource planning system
 or ERP system
 which is a financial information system with an inventory module that manages and records
inventory transactions.


our management of sales channel
 we have set up an inventory tracking system to track our products from the factory to the retail
outlets in an effort to prevent distributors from selling out of their designated area.




some seasonal fluctuations. Summer time is typically a slow time for the infant formula market because Chinese parents tend to
choose the summer time to switch from milk feeding to more concrete food for their babies. As a result
 we generally experience
weaker sales in our first and second fiscal quarters.


    
    




Marketing
 Advertising and Promotion




media
 including television
 print media and the Internet
 with recent focus on e-commerce providers
 mostly for our specialty
infant formula products with special nutritional needs. Our advertising spending was $8.7 million
 $6.1 million and $11.9 million
for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




national customer service call center providing live assistance and a toll-free line to provide consumers with prenatal
 nursing
baby care education
 product information
 and address complaints and dispute resolution.


 posters
and other printed promotional materials to retail outlets and sales consultants employed by our distributors at each point of sale.
We also pay entry fees to various retail outlets to place our products within such outlets. We collect customer information through
surveys voluntarily provided by each customer via the point of sale or via mailed forms provided to our customers in each product
package. We also have promotional activities with supermarket chains and entertainment companies in order to reach our target market.




on quality. We have established quality control and food safety management systems for purchasing
 acceptance checks
 processing
packaging
 storage and transportation. All of our processing facilities are equipped with in-house laboratories for quality assurance
and quality control purposes. Our quality test laboratory in Qingdao has been qualified as a National Standard Laboratory by the
China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment.


quality and safety of our ingredients and products
 we have also installed testing equipment and have implemented control procedures
at each stage of production
 including at the initial raw material purchase stage. There are over 1
100 quality control points
throughout the entire production process. We employ strict internal procedures and monitoring by highly trained employees during
production
 transportation and storage. Additionally
 we have been increasing our investment in quality control equipment and training.
All policies relating to quality control are subject to PRC laws and regulations.


dietary ingredients and supplements sector
 our manufacturing facilities in Qingdao underwent stringent process
 plant
 and
quality audits by all our key customers and by standard organizations including the United States Pharmacopeia (UPS) and
received the USP-verified certification. &nbsp;We have led the global industry in developing effective testing methodologies
to help ensure the integrity of the supply chain and to detect and deter adulteration of chondroitin sulfate materials. In
addition to our quality assurance laboratories in Qingdao
 we also established a wet lab in Rockville
 MD dedicated to
dietary ingredients material screening and research on supplement products in the US market.


    
    




control procedures are summarized below
 organized by the main stages of production:





    
    
    




    
                                              
    
    




    
    
    






    
    
Compliance with production process control procedure
 HACCP Plan implemented at all plants;




    
    
    




    
    
Detailed process designed for all parts of the production process including pretreatment
 dry-mixing
 powder receiving
 and packaging;




    
    
Maintain hygiene standards for staff
 equipment
 environment and any other object; and




    
    
    


Packaging
 Storage and Transport:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    





    
    






activities focus on new product formulation
 new ingredient development
 creation of new methods to incorporate certain nutrients
in our products
 and improvement in product tastes and ingredient shelf stabilities. We engage in regular product refinement and
new product development for our dairy-based formula products
 as well as other forms of foods and nutritional ingredients.


and development facilities to engage in the&nbsp;effort of bringing our infant formula products closer to the quality of breast
milk and to promote our brand image. We also engage third-party research institutions to research and develop such trial products
for us.


research and development resources in order to extend our new product pipeline. We believe we can accomplish this goal with new
formulations and product concepts in dairy-based formula products as well as other nutritional food products and supplements.


years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 we spent approximately 1.4%
 1.1% and 1.0% of net sales per year on research and development
respectively.




in China is highly competitive. We generally compete with both multinational and domestic infant formula producers. Competitive
factors include brand recognition
 distribution network
 quality
 advertising
 formulation
 packaging and price. Many of our competitors
have significant market shares in the markets we compete in. Our principal competitors can be classified generally into the following
two groups:





    
    
Abbot Laboratories&rsquo; Ross Products Division
 a U.S. producer and distributor of infant formulas marketed under the brand names of Similac and Enfalac family of formulas;




    
    
Mead Johnson Nutrition Co.
 or Mead Johnson
 formerly a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Division
 a U.S. producer and distributor of the Enfamil family of formulas;




    
    
Groupe Danone SA
 or &ldquo;Danone&rdquo;
 a French producer and distributor of infant formula products in China under the Karicare/Nutrilon/Aptamil/Dumex brands;




    
    
Nestl&eacute; Suisse SA
 or Nestl&eacute;
 a Swiss producer and distributor of starter and follow-up formulas
 milk
 cereals
 oral supplements and performance foods marketed under Nestl&eacute; brands such as Carnation
 and under Wyeth brands which was acquired from Pfizer in 2012;






    
    
Biostime International Holdings Limited
 or Biostime
 a PRC producer of infant formula products and baby care products under their Biostime and BMcare brand;




    
    
Inner Mongolia Yili Industrial Group Co.
 Ltd.
 or Yili
 a PRC producer and distributor of liquid and powdered milk under their Yili brand;




    
    
Beingmate Group Company Limited
 or Beingmate
 a PRC producer and distributor of infant formula products under their Beingmate brand;




    
    
Guangdong Yashili Group Co.
 Ltd.
 or Yashili
 a PRC consumer brand marketer which sells a line of infant formula products under their Yashili brand; and




    
    
Feihe International
 Inc.
 a PRC producer and distributor of milk formula products under their Feihe brand.



by the PRC National Commercial Information Center
 or CIC
 an entity affiliated with the PRC General Chamber of Commerce responsible
for collecting retail sales data
 the top ten brands accounted for 83% of total infant formulas sold in China in calendar year
2014.


    
    






have been developed in-house and are proprietary. We have not registered or applied for protections in China for most of our intellectual

Related to Our Business&mdash;Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position
and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly
 as of today
 patents and
copyrights have not been essential to maintaining our competitive market position
 we intend to assess in the future whether to
seek patent and copyright protections for those aspects of our business that provide significant competitive advantages.


 2015
we had 377 registered trademarks in China
 and 6 registered trademarks in other districts and countries. Additionally
 we had 165
trademark applications pending approval in China.


protection and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary information and know-how. Our management and each of our research
and development personnel have entered into annual employment contracts
 each of which includes a confidentiality clause and a
clause acknowledging that all inventions
 designs
 trade secrets
 works of authorship
 developments and other processes generated
by them on our behalf are our property
 and assigning to us any ownership rights that they may claim in those works. Despite our
precautions
 it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use
 without our consent
 intellectual property that we own or
are licensed to use. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties
 and the expenses incurred in protecting our
intellectual property rights

to adequately protect our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position
 and litigation to protect our intellectual
property rights may be costly.




are subject to various pollution control regulations in China with respect to noise
 water and air pollution and the disposal of
waste and hazardous materials. We are also subject to periodic inspections by local environmental protection authorities in China.
We are not currently subject to any pending actions alleging any violations of applicable PRC environmental laws.




 2015
we employed approximately 2
700 employees in all of our facilities
 with approximately 120 head office management staff and research
and development employees
 approximately 1
000 production employees
 and approximately 1
600 sales and marketing employees. Our
employees are not represented by a labor organization or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced
any work stoppages.


both a base salary and a performance bonus. As required by PRC regulations
 we participate in various employee benefit plans that
are organized by municipal and provincial governments
 including pension
 work-related injury benefits
 maternity insurance
 medical
and unemployment benefit plans. We are required under PRC law to make contributions to the employee benefit plans at specified
percentages of the salaries
 bonuses and certain allowances of our employees
 up to a maximum amount specified by the local government
from time to time. The pension amount is determined by a number of factors
 including the member&rsquo;s salary amount at retirement
date
 contribution period
 social average salary level and price index.


    
    







 of
which nutritional and infant formula products form a part
 and medical institutions
 are subject to extensive regulations in China.
This section summarizes the most significant PRC regulations governing our business in China.




products
 and particularly dairy-based infant formula products
 in China
 we are subject to a number of PRC laws and regulations
governing the manufacturing (including composition of ingredients)
 labeling
 packaging
 safety and hygiene of food products:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
the Whole Milk Powder
 Skimmed Milk Powder
 Sweetened Whole Milk Powder and Flavored Milk Powder Standards;




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



set out safety and hygiene standards and requirements for various aspects of food production
 such as the use of additives
 production
packaging
 handling
 labeling and storage
 as well as facilities and equipment. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations
may result in confiscation of our products and proceeds from the sales of non-compliant products
 destruction of our products and
inventory
 fines
 suspension of production and operation
 product recalls
 revocation of licenses
 and
 in extreme cases
 criminal
liability.


 2008
 the
State General Administration of Quality Supervision
 Inspection and Quarantine (&ldquo;AQSIQ&rdquo;) issued a national standard
on the detection of melamine in raw milk and dairy based products. On October 9
 2008
 the State Council promulgated with immediate
effect a Regulation for the Quality and Safety Supervision of Dairy Based Products
 which
 among other things
 imposes more stringent
requirements for inspection
 production
 packaging
 labeling and product recall on dairy product producers. This regulation also
established a &ldquo;Black-List&rdquo; system to ensure that illegal business operators in the dairy production chain are timely
disclosed and severely punished.


 2010
 MOH
issued 66 food safety national standards (&ldquo;New National Standard&rdquo;)
 including the national standard for infant powdered
formula
 which impose strict requirement for production of infant powdered formula.


 2010
 AQSIQ
issued Rules for the Examination of Licensing Criteria for Enterprise Producing Formula Milk Powder of Infant Use (2010 version)
and Rules for the Examination of Licensing Criteria for Enterprise Producing Milk Products (2010 version) to tighten the supervision
of milk product quality and safety. Under the new rules
 milk producers are required to pass higher safety and quality tests in
order to have their licenses re-issued.


 the
Chinese State Food and Drug Administration updated the national guidance for the renewal and re-affirmation of production licenses
for manufacturing infant-formula milk powder products in China. For any infant-formula milk powder manufacturer whose license is
expiring in 2014
 the renewal process needs to be completed by March 31
 2014. For any infant-formula milk powder manufacturer
whose license expires in a later year
 the re-affirmation needs to be completed by May 31
 2014. This regulation sets forth new
rules and raises the bar&nbsp;on infant formula producers in nine areas
 including product safety control
 purchase of raw materials
formula product inspection
 manufacturing process and product traceability. In particular
&nbsp;the requirement on a 100
000 grade
clean space to meet the medical grade Good Manufacturing Practices is&nbsp;widely considered as the most challenging requirement.
Our Qingdao facility obtained the renewed production licensed in April 2014
 which is valid through April 2017.


    
    








governmental regulations related to environmental protection. The major environmental regulations applicable to us include:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



by local environmental protection authorities. Our operating subsidiaries have received certifications from the relevant PRC government
agencies in charge of environmental protection indicating that their business operations are in compliance with the relevant PRC
environmental laws and regulations.

Dairy Industry Access Conditions and
Policies


 the PRC
National Development and Reform Commission
 or the NDRC
 and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
 or the MIIT
jointly promulgated and issued Dairy Industry Policies (2009 Version)
 or the Policies. The Policies set forth the conditions an
entity must satisfy in order to engage
 or continue to engage
 in the dairy products processing business
 including technique and
equipment
 product quality
 energy and water consumption
 sanitation and environmental protection
 as well as production safety.
Any new or continuing dairy products processing projects or enterprises will be required to meet all the conditions and requirements
set forth in the Policies.



forth some requirements relating to the location
 processing capacity and raw milk source for any new or continuing dairy products
processing project or enterprise. Any new or continuing dairy products processing projects or enterprises that fail to meet the
requirements will not be able to procure land
 license
 permits
 loan facility and electricity necessary for the processing of
dairy products. We believe that all of our existing entities and facilities for powdered formula production meet the requirements

the regulatory environment for dairy and infant nutrition products in China could negatively impact our business




 1994
the State Council promulgated the Regulations of Administration on Medical Institutions which established the regulations for establishing
managing and supervision of medical institutions. In particular
 the regulations required a medical institution to be approved
by and register with the applicable administrative department of public health prior to establishment. On December 14
 2009
 the
Ministry of Public Health promulgated the Standards of Medical Inspection Laboratory which set forth the standards for establishing
and managing medical inspection laboratories. On January 15
 2014
 we obtained the business license of Beijing Syclin Clinical
Laboratory Co.
 Ltd.
 which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.
 and commenced
operation.

Financial Information about Segments and
Geographic Areas


segments
 which are nutritional food
 nutritional supplement and other business. Other business includes non-core operations such
as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers. Please refer to Note 17 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for further discussion about segments and geographic areas.




. We make available at this address
 free of charge
 our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material
is electronically filed with or furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
 or SEC. Information available
on our website is not incorporated by reference in and is not deemed a part of this Form 10-K. The public may read and copy any
materials we file with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F. Street
 N.E.
 Washington
 DC
 20549. The public
may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an
Internet site that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issues that file electronically
with the SEC at www.sec.gov.


    
    








Because of the following
factors
 as well as other factors affecting our financial condition and operating results
 past financial performance should not
be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance
 and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results
or trends in future periods.

You should carefully
consider the following risks and other information in this Form 10-K before making an investment decision with respect to our common
stock. The following risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial
condition. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks that we are not presently aware of or that
we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations.



We may face liquidity challenges to meet
our debt obligations and may require additional funding in the future.


on debt
 and at March 31
 2015
 we had short-term debt of $145.6 million
 long-term debt due within one year of $130.4 million
and long term debt of $144.6 million. In addition
 in connection with the construction of the drying facility in Carhaix
 France
we will need additional funding but may not be able to secure financing on satisfactory terms
 which could decrease our working
capital. See &ldquo;Liquidity and Capital Resources.&rdquo; Our ability to meet our debt obligations will depend on our future
performance
 which will be affected by financial
 business
 domestic and foreign economic conditions and other factors
 many of
which we are unable to control. As a result
 there can be no assurance that our operation will generate sufficient cash flows to
meet our liquidity needs
 and we therefore may have negative cash flows in the future. If our cash flow is not sufficient to service
our debt
 we may be required to obtain additional financing in the future
 and such additional financing may not be available at
times
 in amounts or on terms acceptable to us or at all. We may not be able to repay such borrowings in full or at all when due
and
 if we were to default on the repayment of these borrowings
 we may not be able to continue our operations as a going concern.

We are highly dependent upon consumers&rsquo;
perception of the safety and quality of our products. Any ill effects
 product liability claims
 recalls
 adverse publicity or
negative public perception regarding particular ingredients or products or our industry in general could harm our reputation
 damage
our brand and adversely affect our results of operations.


consumption
 which involves risks such as product contamination
 spoilage and tampering. We may be subject to liability if the
consumption of any of our products causes injury
 illness or death. Adverse publicity or negative public perception regarding particular
ingredients
 our products
 our actions relating to our products
 or our industry in general could result in a substantial drop
in demand for our products. This negative public perception may include publicity regarding the safety or quality of particular
ingredients or products in general
 of other companies or of our products or ingredients specifically. Negative public perception
may also arise from regulatory investigations or product liability claims
 regardless of whether those investigations involve us
or whether any product liability claim is successful against us.


 2008
China&rsquo;s Administration of Quality Supervision
 Inspection and Quarantine
 or China AQSIQ
 announced its finding that the
formula products of 22 Chinese formula producers
 including certain lots of our U-Smart products
 were contaminated by melamine
a substance not approved for use in food and linked to the illness and deaths of infants and children in China. There were six
reported deaths and approximately 300
000 children suffered kidney-related illnesses due to the contaminated infant formula of
one of our competitors. This contamination incident resulted in significant negative publicity for the entire domestic dairy and
formula industries in China and demand for domestically-produced dairy and formula products
 including our products
 declined
significantly since September 2008 until late 2009. We recalled our affected U-Smart products as well as all other products produced
at the same facilities in the Hebei and Inner Mongolia regions of China
 where we believe the contaminated milk supplies originated.
We also suspended production at our facilities in Qingdao
 Hebei and Inner Mongolia for two weeks pending government and internal
investigations. The total cost of this action was $100.6 million which was recognized as a change to cost of sales
 selling and
distribution expenses and general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of income mostly in fiscal year 2009.



any cases of kidney-related or other illnesses caused by our products
 we cannot assure you that such cases will not surface in
the future. The Chinese government has provided medical screening
 treatment
 and care for consumers affected by melamine contamination
in infant formula products. We contributed a net amount of $2.3 million to a compensation fund set up by China Dairy Industry Association
in fiscal 2009 to settle existing and potential claims arising in China from families of infants affected by melamine contamination.
We cannot assure you that the Chinese government will not seek further reimbursement from dairy and formula product manufacturers
including us.


contamination incident negatively impacted our brand and reputation in China. It also affected investor confidence in us as reflected
by the significant decrease in our stock price after September 16
 2008. We cannot predict whether there will be similar future
incidents and what impact such incidents may have on our operations and reputation.


    
    






 several
media reports alleging our infant formula products caused symptoms of hormone-triggered sexual prematurity in infants in the Hubei
province of China.&nbsp;One of the media later issued an apology video clip on its official website acknowledging their allegation
as without proof. Despite the apology
 our&nbsp;business was significantly and negatively impacted since then as a result of these
media reports
 and our sales volume decreased significantly. We increased the spending on advertising after the prematurity event
to repair our reputation and regain market share. As a result
 we had a significant net loss for the fiscal year ended March 31
2011.


 there
have also been occurrences of counterfeiting and imitation of products in China that have been widely publicized. We cannot
guarantee that contamination or counterfeiting or imitation of our or similar products will not occur in the future or that
we will be able to detect it and deal with it effectively. Any occurrence of contamination or counterfeiting or imitation
could negatively impact our corporate and brand image or consumers&rsquo; perception of our products or similar nutritional
products generally
 particularly if the counterfeit or imitation products cause injury or death to consumers. For example
 in
April 2004
 sales of counterfeit and substandard infant formula in Anhui
 China caused the deaths of 13 infants as well as
harming many others. Although this incident did not involve the counterfeiting of our products
 it caused significant
negative publicity for the entire infant formula industry in China. The mere publication of information asserting that infant
formula ingredients or products may be&nbsp;harmful could have a material adverse effect on us
 regardless of whether these
reports are scientifically supported or concern our products or the raw materials used in our products.


contamination incident
 the prematurity event and any other adverse news related to formula products in China will also result
in increased regulatory scrutiny of our industry
 which may result in increased costs and reduce our margins and profitability.
The government has enhanced its regulations on the industry aimed to ensure the safety and quality of dairy products
 including
but not limited to compulsory batch by batch inspection. This is likely to increase our operating costs and capital expenditure.

If we fail to obtain raw materials in
the quantity and the quality we need
 and at commercially acceptable prices
 our results of operations
 financial condition and
business prospects would be materially and adversely affected.


business requires certain key raw materials
 such as milk powder and whey powder. We may experience a shortage in the supply
of certain raw materials in the future
 which could materially and adversely affect our production and results of
operations. While our agreements with Sodiaal and Euroserum are intended to provide our supplies in the future
 the drying
facility in Carhaix
 France is not expected to be operational until late 2015 see &ldquo;Liquidity and Capital
Resources&rdquo; further details. Other than these agreements
 we currently do not have guaranteed supply contracts with any other
raw material suppliers
 and some of our suppliers may
 without notice or penalty
 terminate their relationship with us at any
time. We also rely on a small number of suppliers for some of our raw materials
 such as whey powder and imported milk
powder. We now use imported milk powder from New Zealand for all of our powered formula products as consumers have less
confidence in domestically-produced milk powder. If any supplier is unwilling or unable to provide us with high quality raw
materials in required quantities and at acceptable prices
 we may be unable to find alternative sources or at commercially
acceptable prices
 on satisfactory terms
 in a timely manner
 or at all. Our inability to find or develop alternative sources
could result in delays or reductions in production
 product shipments or a reduction in our profit margins. Moreover
 these
suppliers may delay material shipments or supply us with inferior quality raw materials that may adversely impact the timely
delivery or the quality of our products. If any of these events were to occur
 our product quality
 competitive position
reputation and business could suffer.


 most
of the raw materials used in our business are imported
 such as whey powder and milk powder. Our imported raw materials are
subject to various PRC governmental permit requirements
 approval procedures and import duties
 and may also
 from time to
time
 be subject to export controls and other legal restrictions imposed by foreign countries. Should the PRC government
refuse to issue the necessary permits or approvals to us or our suppliers
 or take any administrative actions to limit
imports of certain raw materials
 or if we or our suppliers fail to pay any required import duties
 or if governmental
agencies or laws of foreign countries prevent the timely export of certain raw materials we require to China
 our ability to
produce and sell our products in China could be materially and adversely affected. In addition
 import duties increase the
cost of our products and may make them less competitive.


 certain suppliers
of raw materials within our supply chain may contaminate our raw material supplies or provide us with substandard raw material
supplies that adversely impact the quality of our products exposing our customers to health risks and damaging our reputation
brand and financial condition. For a more detailed description of this risk
 and in particular the impact of the melamine contamination
incident in China

safety and quality of our products. Any ill effects
 product liability claims
 recalls
 adverse publicity or negative public perception
regarding particular ingredients or products or our industry in general could harm our reputation
&nbsp;damage our brand and adversely
affect our results of operations


    
    





Any interruption in our supply of milk
powder could materially and adversely affect our results of operations
 financial condition and business prospects.


of the milk powder used in the powdered formula production from New Zealand. The continuity of the milk powder supplies is of critical
importance to our business. The importation of milk powder is influenced by numerous factors beyond our control
 including
 among
other: (1) export control policy in the originating countries
 (2) China&rsquo;s government policy and regulation on milk powder
importation as well as China&rsquo;s custom inspection standards and (3) acts of God such as natural disasters. Any interruption
in our milk powder supplies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 financial condition and business
prospects. In addition
 we currently source all of our milk powder from one supplier
 Fonterra. If Fonterra fails to deliver the
milk powder we need on the terms we have agreed
 we may not be able to find an alternative source at a comparable price or on other
favorable terms
 and any delays in securing an alternative source could result in production delays and late shipments of our products
to distributors and end customers.

Our results of operations may be affected
by fluctuations in availability and price of raw materials.


we use are subject to price fluctuations due to various factors beyond our control
 including increasing market demand
inflation
 severe climatic and environmental conditions
 commodity price fluctuations
 currency fluctuations
 changes in
governmental and agricultural regulations and programs and other factors. We also expect that our raw material prices will
continue to fluctuate and be affected by inflation in the future. Changes to our raw materials prices may result in increases
in production and packaging costs
 and we may be unable to raise the prices of our products to offset these increased costs
in the short-term or at all. As a result
 our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.


    
    



We might face inventory write-downs if
we are unable to effectively manage inventory levels and/or prices decline. We maintain inventories of raw materials and finished
products
 and our inventories may spoil.


have an average shelf life of 18 to 24 months before the product is opened. Milk powder has a shelf life of 24 months. Whey powder
has a shelf life of 12 months. Other additives have a shelf life from several months to several years. Our inventory levels are
based
 in part
 on our expectations regarding future sales. We may in future periods experience inventory buildup if our sales
slow for any reason. Any unexpected significant shortfall in sales may result in higher inventory levels of raw materials and finished
products than we require
 thereby increasing our risk of inventory spoilage and corresponding inventory write-downs and write-offs
which may materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

Any major outbreak of illness or disease
relating to cows in the regions in which we import milk powder could lead to significant shortfalls in the supply of our milk powder
and could result in consumers avoiding dairy products
 which could result in substantial declines in our sales and possibly substantial
losses.


powder from New Zealand
 and all of our whey powder from France. A major outbreak of any illness or disease in cows globally could
lead to a serious loss of consumer confidence in
 and demand for
 dairy products. A major outbreak of mad cow disease (bovine spongiform
encephalopathy)
 bovine tuberculosis
 or bovine TB
 or other serious disease in the principal regions supplying milk powder could
lead to significant shortfalls in the supply of milk powder. Furthermore
 adverse publicity about these types of concerns
 whether
or not valid
 may discourage consumers from buying dairy products or cause production and delivery disruptions. If consumers generally
were to avoid our products
 our sales would decline substantially and we could suffer substantial losses.

We may experience problems with product
quality or product performance
 or the perception of such problems
 which could materially and adversely affect our reputation
or result in a decrease in customers and revenue
 unexpected expenses and loss of market share.


depend
 in part
 on our ability to deliver high quality products on a timely and cost-effective manner. Our quality control and
food safety management systems are complex. For example
 there are over 1
100 quality control points throughout the whole production
process. If the quality of any of our products deteriorated
 it could result in delays in shipments
 cancellations of orders or
customer returns and complaints
 loss of goodwill
 and harm to our brand and reputation. In addition
 following the melamine contamination
incident
 we purchase all of the milk powder used for our powdered formula products from New Zealand. We may be unable to exercise
the same degree of quality control over this overseas supplier as we can over our own facilities. Any quality problems associated
with the milk powder produced by this supplier would also affect our products&rsquo; quality and lead to negative publicity against
us
 materially and adversely affecting our reputation and brand
 and causing a decrease in sales of our products and a loss of
market share. For example
 the melamine contamination incident in China has resulted in certain of our products being contaminated
impacting our brand and reputation.


    
    




Product liability claims against us could
result in adverse publicity and potentially significant monetary damages.


producers
 we are also exposed to risks associated with product liability claims if the consumption of infant formula products
we sell results in injury or death. We cannot predict what impact such product liability claims or resulting negative publicity
would have on our business or on our brand image. The successful assertion of product liability claims against us could result
in potentially significant monetary damages
 diversion of management resources and require us to make significant payments and
incur substantial legal expenses. We do not have product liability insurance for powdered formula products sold in China and have
not made provisions for potential product liability claims. Therefore
 we may not have adequate resources to satisfy a judgment
if a successful claim is brought against us. Even if a product liability claim is not successfully pursued to judgment by a claimant
we may still incur substantial legal expenses defending against such a claim and our brand image and reputation would suffer. Finally
serious product quality concerns could result in governmental actions against us
 which
 among other things
 could result in the
suspension of production or distribution of our products
 loss of certain licenses
 or other governmental penalties.

Our sales
 results of operations
 brand
image and reputation could be materially and adversely affected if we fail to efficiently manage our operations without interruption
or fail to ensure that our products are delivered on time.


successful coordination of several sequential and complex processes
 the disruption of any of which could interrupt our operations
and materially and adversely affect our relationships with our distributors
 sub-distributors and end-customers
 our brand name
and reputation
 and our financial performance. Our operations involve the coordination of raw material sourcing from third parties
internal production processes and external distribution processes. We may face difficulties in coordinating the various aspects
of our production processes
 resulting in downtime and delays.


 we may encounter
interruptions in our production processes due to a catastrophic loss or events beyond our control
 such as fires
 explosions
 labor
disturbances
 earthquakes or other natural disasters. If there is a stoppage in production at any of our facilities
 even if only
temporary
 or delays in deliveries to our customers
 our business and reputation could be materially and adversely affected. Along
with many other producers of dairy and consumer products in China
 we generally rely on third-party logistics companies and distributors
for the delivery of our products. Delivery may be disrupted for various reasons
 many of which are beyond our control
 including
natural disasters
 weather conditions or social unrest and strikes
 which could lead to delayed or lost deliveries. In addition
transportation and related infrastructure conditions are often generally under-developed in some of the regions where we sell our
products. We currently do not have business interruption insurance to offset these potential losses
 delays and risks
 so a material
interruption of our business operations could materially damage our business.


    
    



We rely primarily on third-party distributors
and cannot assure you that their marketing and distribution of our products will be effective or will not harm our brand and reputation.
Moreover
 if we fail to timely identify and appoint additional or replacement distributors as needed
 or are unable to successfully
manage our distribution network
 our operating results could suffer.


on third-party distributors and sub-distributors for the distribution and sales of our products. We sell our products through
an extensive nationwide distribution and sales network covering all of the provinces and provincial-level municipalities in
mainland China. As of March 31
 2015
 this network comprised over 740 independent distributors and over 310 independent
sub-distributors who sell our products in approximately 21
000 retail outlets. Our distributors normally have exclusive
distribution rights in their respective regions
 and are also responsible for developing the sub-distributors located in
their own regions. In addition
 our distributors are not required to exclusively distribute our products. We typically do not
enter into long-term agreements with distributors and have no control over their everyday business activities. Consequently
our distributors may engage in activities that are prohibited under our arrangements with them
 that violate PRC laws and
regulations governing the dairy industry or other PRC laws and regulations generally
 or that are otherwise harmful to our
business or our reputation. Due to our dependence on distributors for the sale and distribution of our products to retail
outlets
 any one of the following events could cause material fluctuations or declines in our revenue and have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations:



    
    
reduction
 delay or cancellation of orders from one or more of our distributors;



    
    
    



    
    
    



is intense in our industry in China and many of our competitors are expanding their distribution networks in China. We may not
be able to compete successfully against the larger and better-funded sales and marketing operations of some of our current or future
competitors
 especially if these competitors provide more favorable arrangements for distributors. As a result
 we may lose some
of our distributors to our competitors
 which may cause us to lose some or all of our favorable arrangements with such distributors
and may even result in the termination of our relationships with some of our distributors. While we do not believe we are substantially
dependent upon any individual distributor
 finding replacement distributors could be time-consuming and any resulting delay may
be disruptive and costly to our business. In addition
 we may not be able to successfully manage our distributors and the cost
of any consolidation or further expansion of our distribution network may exceed the revenue generated from these efforts. The
occurrence of any of these factors could result in a significant decrease in the sales volume of our products and therefore materially
harm our financial condition and results of operations.


a &ldquo;gold mining&rdquo; marketing strategy (&ldquo;the Strategy Gold Mining&ldquo;) in September 2012 to strengthen our
management of the sales channel
 the goal of which is to use marketing&nbsp;and promotional expenditures&nbsp;more
effectively and to improve net profit by centrally monitoring the spending in each retail outlet. We have terminated our
relationship with those retail outlets with low sales volume and a low yield rate on the slotting fees
 to focus our
resources on those retail outlets with high sales volume and a higher yield rate on the slotting fees. As a result
 our
number of retail outlets reduced from more than 60
000 at June 30
 2012 to approximately 27
000 at March 31
 2013. The Gold
Mining Strategy was substantially completed by March 31
 2013. We cannot be certain that the Gold Mining Strategy will
produce the results as planned in the long term.

Our results of operations and business
prospects may be impaired by changing consumer preferences if we do not develop and offer products to meet changing preferences.


over time and the success of our products depends on our ability to identify the tastes and nutritional needs of our customers
and to offer products that appeal to their preferences. We introduce new products and improved products from time to time and incur
significant development and marketing costs. If our products fail to meet consumer preferences
 then our strategy to grow sales
and profits with new products will be less successful.

More mothers may breastfeed their babies
rather than use our products
 resulting in reduced demand for our products and adversely affecting our revenues.


are affected by the number of mothers who choose to use our products rather than breastfeeding their babies. Much publicly available
data suggests that breastfeeding has many health benefits for the baby that cannot be replicated by dairy-based infant formula
products. Additionally
 popular literature
 cultural pressure
 government policies and medical advice in China generally promote
the benefits of breastfeeding. For example
 on August 1
 2007
 China&rsquo;s Ministry of Health (&ldquo;MOH&rdquo;) issued an Infant
Feeding Strategy which promoted breastfeeding and requested all local relevant departments to publicize the benefits of breastfeeding
through radio broadcasting
 television and newspapers during World Breastfeeding Week
 which took place in early August 2007. In
November 2011
 the MOH of China submitted a proposal for public review that could ban promotions and advertising of infant formula
for babies younger than six months. Thus
 to the extent that private
 public and government sources increasingly promote the benefits
of breastfeeding
 there could be a reduced demand for our products and our revenues could be adversely affected.


    
    




A severe and prolonged downturn in the
Chinese or global economy or disruptions in the financial markets may adversely impact our business and results of operations
and may limit our access to additional financing.


can be affected by macro economic factors
 including changes in national
 regional
 and local economic conditions
 employment levels
and consumer spending patterns.&nbsp;&nbsp;A prolonged slowdown in the Chinese or global economy could erode consumer confidence
which could result in changes to consumer spending patterns
 which could be harmful to our financial position and results of operations.


 if the
capital and credit markets experience volatility and the availability of funds remains limited
 we will incur increased costs
associated with equity and/or debt financing. It is possible that our ability to access the capital and credit markets may be
limited by these or other factors at a time when we would like
 or need
 to do so
 which could have an adverse impact on our
ability to refinance maturing debt and/or react to changing economic and business conditions. In addition
 fluctuations in
interest rates could impact our floating rate debt negatively and increase our debt obligations.

Failure to execute our future expansion
plan could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.


production capacity in the future to meet any expected increase in demand for our products. Our decision to increase our production
capacity is based in part on our projections of increases in our sales volume and growth in the size of the infant formula product
market in China. If actual customer demand does not meet our projections
 we will likely suffer overcapacity problems and have
idle capacity
 which may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our future success
depends on our ability to expand our business to address expected growth in demand for our current and future products. Our ability
to add production capacity and increase output is subject to significant risks and uncertainties
 including:



    
    
the availability and cost of additional funding to expand our production capacity
 build new processing and packaging facilities
 make additional investments in our subsidiaries
 acquire additional businesses or production facilities
 purchase additional fixed assets and purchase raw materials on favorable terms or at all;




    
    
delays and cost overruns as a result of a number of factors
 many of which may be beyond our control
 such as problems with equipment vendors and suppliers of raw materials;




    
    
    




    
    
global or local shortage of raw materials
 such as raw milk or whey powder;




    
    
our inability to obtain
 or delays in obtaining
 required approvals by relevant government authorities;




    
    
    




    
    
    



grows
 we will need to implement a variety of new and upgraded operational and financial systems
 procedures and controls
including improvements to our accounting and other internal management systems by dedicating additional resources to our
reporting and accounting functions
 and improvements to our record keeping and contract tracking system. We will need to
respond to competitive market conditions and continue to enhance existing products and develop new products
 and retain
existing customers and attract new customers. We will also need to recruit more personnel and train and manage our growing
employee base. Furthermore
 we will need to maintain and expand our relationships with our current and future customers
suppliers
 distributors and other third parties
 and there is no guarantee that we will succeed.


the risks described above
 or are otherwise unable to establish or successfully operate additional production capacity or to increase
production output
 we may be unable to grow our business and revenues
 reduce our operating costs
 maintain our competitiveness
or improve our profitability
 and our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected.


and Capital Resources&rdquo;
 we entered into a series of agreements with Sodiaal Union and Euroserum SAS relating to a long-term
industrial and commercial partnership. Under the agreements
 we are committed to building a new drying facility in Carhaix
 France
intended to manufacture powdered milk and fat-enriched demineralized whey powder. The updated estimated cost to build the facility
is approximately &euro; 161.0 million. There is no assurance whether we will be able to obtain further financing on satisfactory
terms. In addition
 we cannot be certain whether the facility will produce the quality and quantity of products as planned and
whether the facility will encounter any mechanical or other issues in the future. Any of these issues could have a material adverse
impact on our future operations and financial results.


    
    




Any future expansion into new markets
that we are currently not significantly represented may be costly
 time-consuming and difficult. If we do not successfully expand
into new
 high growth markets we have identified
 our results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.


depend upon our ability to successfully expand into markets that we currently have low penetration rates. To further promote our
brand and generate demand for our products in such markets
 we may increase our spending on marketing and promotion in specific
geographical areas or channels. We may be unable to attract a sufficient number of distributors or penetrate a sufficient number
of retail outlets to justify the spending on marketing and promotion in these markets
 or our selected distributors or outlets
may not be suitable for selling our products in these markets for other reasons. We may also fail to attract new customers in such
markets who may have less familiarity with our brand and products. Furthermore
 we may fail to anticipate and address competitive
conditions in these new markets that are different from those in our existing primary markets. These competitive conditions may
make it difficult or impossible for us to effectively operate in these markets. If our expansion efforts in existing and new markets
are unsuccessful
 our results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.

Part of our strategy involves the development
of new products and new business segments
 and if we fail to timely develop new products or we incorrectly gauge the potential
market for new products
 our financial results would be adversely affected.


in-house research and development capabilities to develop new products that could become new sources of revenue for us in the future
and help us to diversify our revenue base. In addition to our core nutritional food business
 we have also entered into other business
segments such as the nutritional supplement segment. Our future research and development efforts will focus on further expanding
our product offerings beyond dairy-based nutritional products. If we fail to timely develop these and other new products or if
we incorrectly gauge market demand for such new products
 we may not be able to grow our sales revenue at expected growth rates
and may incur expenses and capital expenditure costs relating to the development of new products that do not generate a positive
return on the investment.

We operate in a competitive environment
which may lead to declining revenue growth or other circumstances that would negatively affect our results of operations.


nutritional products is competitive
 and we believe that competition in this market will continue to intensify. We believe that
the principal competitive factors in our markets are brand recognition
 quality
 advertising
 formulation
 packaging
 and price.
We face significant competition from a number of competitors
 including multinational companies
 such as Abbot Laboratories&rsquo;
Ross Products Division
 Mead Johnson
 Nestle
 FrieslandCampina
 Numico and Wyeth
 and domestic companies
 such as Biostime
 Beingmate
Yashili
 Feihe and Yili. See &ldquo;Item 1. Business&mdash;Competition&rdquo;. Many of our competitors have longer operating histories
greater name recognition
 significantly larger market shares
 access to larger customer bases and significantly greater financial
resources and economies of scale in financial
 sales and marketing
 production
 distribution
 technical and other resources than
we do. Some of these competitors have used
 and we expect will continue to use
 more aggressive pricing strategies
 greater amounts
of incentives and subsidies for distributors
 retailers and customers and more advanced processes and technologies. Furthermore
consolidation among industry participants in China may potentially result in stronger domestic competitors that are better able
to compete as end-to-end suppliers as well as competitors who are more specialized in particular areas and geographic markets.
This could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects. In addition
as a result of the melamine contamination incident
 customers have lost confidence in infant formula produced by domestic companies
for the time being
 which gives multinational infant formula companies an advantage over us.


successfully in our markets
 we will need to continue to restore customer confidence in our brand and products
 develop new
products and enhance our product offerings while maintaining price competitiveness. Even if we successfully restore customer
confidence
 if and to the extent we fail to develop new products that differentiate us from our competitors
 we may need to
compete largely on price
 which may cause our operating margins to decline. Our inability to compete successfully against
competitors and pricing pressures could result in lost customers
 loss of market share and reduced operating margins
 which
would adversely impact our results of operations.



    
    



If we grant employee stock options and
other stock-based compensation in the future
 we will be required to recognize stock-based compensation expense
 which would adversely
affect our results of operations.


Form 10-K
 we have not granted any stock-based compensation and thus have not been required to reflect any such expenses in our
results of operations. We adopted a stock -based compensation plan in June 2008 and may grant certain employees and directors stock-based
compensation
 which we believe could be important to attract and retain key personnel. We will be required to account for compensation
costs for all stock options
 including stock options granted to our directors and employees
 using the fair value method and recognize
the expense in our consolidated statement of operations
 which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

We may be exposed to liabilities under
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 and any determination that we violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could have a material
adverse effect on our business.


Foreign Corrupt Practice Act
 or the FCPA
 and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments
and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining or
retaining business. We have operations
 agreements with third parties and make sales in China
 which may experience corruption.
Our activities in China create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees
 consultants
 sales
agents or distributors of our company
 because these parties are not always subject to our control. It is our policy to implement
safeguards to discourage these practices by our employees. However
 our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove
to be less than effective
 and the employees
 consultants
 sales agents or distributors of our Company may engage in conduct for
which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions
 and we may be subject
to other liabilities
 which could negatively affect our business
 operating results and financial condition. In additions
 the
government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor liability of FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest
or that we acquire.

If we are unable to maintain an effective
system of internal control over financial reporting
 we may be unable to accurately report our financial results
 or prevent fraud.


certain material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. In connection with our
management's assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2012
 a material
weakness was identified. A material weakness is defined by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 or PCAOB
 as a deficiency
or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that
a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.


remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
 and we believe that the material weakness previously
identified has been fully remediated as of March 31
 2013. However
 there can be no assurance that any current or future deficiencies
will not contribute to
 or cause
 possible material weaknesses in the future or
 that we will be able to implement effectively
new or improved controls. In addition
 our management or our independent registered public accounting firm may determine that our
internal control over financial reporting is not effective in the future.


 a lack
of effective internal control over financial reporting in the future could cause us to fail to provide accurate financial statements
or fail to meet our reporting obligations
 either of which could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information
and have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. Our failure to meet our reporting obligations in a timely
fashion may also lead to the delisting of our common stock by the NASDAQ Global Select Market.


    
    





Our success depends to a substantial
degree upon our senior management and key personnel
 and our business operations may be significantly and negatively affected if
we fail to attract and retain highly competent senior management and key personnel.


depends substantially on the continued services of our key personnel including
 particularly
 Liang Zhang
 our chairman and
chief executive officer. We rely substantially on their experience in the dairy and nutritional products industry
 and on
their relationships and ability to work with our suppliers and distributors and other customers. If we lose the services of
one or more of these key personnel
 we may not be able to replace them readily
 if at all
 with suitable or qualified
candidates
 and may incur additional expenses to recruit and retain new officers and key personnel
 which could severely
disrupt our business and growth. We do not maintain key-man life insurance for any of our key personnel.


 if any of
these key personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing company
 we may lose some of our distributors. We have entered into
employment agreements with each of these key personnel
 which contain confidentiality and non-competition provisions. However
if any disputes were to arise between these key personnel and us
 it is not clear
 in light of uncertainties associated with the
PRC legal system
 what the court decisions would be and the extent to which these court decisions could be enforced in China
 where
most of these key personnel reside and hold some of their assets. See &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&mdash;Risks Associated with

to you and us
 as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products
 we will need
to continue attracting and retaining experienced management and key research and development personnel.


management and research and development personnel in China is intense
 and the availability of experienced
 suitable and qualified
candidates is limited. Competition for these individuals may require us to pay higher compensation and other benefits in order
to attract and retain them
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We
may also be unable to attract or retain the personnel necessary to achieve our business objectives
 and any failure in this regard
could severely disrupt our business and growth.

Liang Zhang&rsquo;s association with
other businesses could impede his ability to devote sufficient time to our business and could present potential conflicts of interest.


 our founder
chairman
 chief executive officer and principal beneficial stockholder
 controls several other companies in China. Liang Zhang
devotes most of his time to our affairs and the remainder of his time to the affairs of the other companies. Liang Zhang&rsquo;s
decision-making responsibilities for these other companies are similar in the areas of public relations
 risk management and strategic
planning. As a result
 conflicts of interest may arise from time to time and we cannot assure you that they will be resolved in
our favor. Additionally
 even though Liang Zhang devotes most of his time to our affairs and is further accountable to us and our
stockholders as a fiduciary
 which requires that he exercise good faith and due care in handling our affairs
 we cannot assure
you this will always be the case and his existing responsibilities to other businesses and entities may limit the amount of time
he can spend on our affairs.

Our chairman and chief executive officer
Liang Zhang
 beneficially owns a substantial amount of our common stock and will have significant influence over our corporate
affairs.


 chairman
and chief executive officer
 Liang Zhang
 beneficially owns approximately 62.8% of our outstanding common stock through a company
owned by his wife as of March 31
 2015. Accordingly
 Liang Zhang will be able to direct the outcome of matters requiring approval
of the stockholders
 including the election of our directors and other corporate actions such as:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



Zhang may conflict with our interests or the interests of our other stockholders.


    
    




We have committed to certain capacity
expansion projects that require significant capital investment. Such capital may not be available on favorable terms or at all.


 in the past
obtained loans and sold our common stock to raise additional capital. We have committed to certain capacity expansion projects
in particular the French Project which requires a total investment of &euro;161.0 million. There is no assurance that we will be
able to generate the required equity portion of the investment in the French Project from our operation cash flow
 or raise the
required debt portion of the French Project investment. Failure to do so may cause us to delay or abandon the French Project
 which
in turn&nbsp;may lead to the deterioration of our relationship with Euroserum and Sodiaal
 and potentially other material adverse
impact on our business. Any additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders and such additional equity securities may
have rights
 preferences or privileges that are senior to those of our existing common stock. The incurrence of indebtedness would
result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to&nbsp;operating and financial covenants that would
restrict our operations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities or obtain funds for required
payments of interest and principal on such additional indebtedness
 we will be in default. Financing may not be available in amounts
or on terms acceptable to us
 if at all. Any failure by us to raise additional funds on terms favorable to us
 or at all
 could
limit our ability to expand our business operations and could harm our overall business prospects.

We have limited property insurance coverage
and do not carry any business interruption insurance.


involves many risks
 including equipment failures
 natural disasters
 industrial accidents
 power outages
 labor disturbances and
other business interruptions. Furthermore
 if any of our products are faulty or contaminated
 then we may become subject to product
liability claims or we may have to engage in a product recall.


interruption insurance
 and have limited property insurance coverage. Therefore
 our existing insurance coverage may not be sufficient
to cover all risks associated with our business. As a result
 we may be required to pay for financial and other losses
 damages
and liabilities
 including those caused by natural disasters and other events beyond our control
 out of our own funds
 which could
have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. For example
 all of the costs we
have incurred to date and may incur in the future that are related to our product recall in connection with the melamine contamination
incident is not covered by our existing insurance policies.


    
    




Failure to adequately protect our intellectual
property rights may undermine our competitive position
 and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly.


secrets and other contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. We have not registered or applied for protections
in China for most of our intellectual property or proprietary technologies relating to the formulations of powdered infant formula
that we produce. In order to protect our proprietary technology and processes
 we also rely in part on nondisclosure agreements
with our employees
 licensing partners
 third-party producers
 consultants
 agents and other organizations to which we disclose
our proprietary information. The actions we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to provide
us with meaningful protection or commercial advantage. As a result
 third parties may use the intellectual property or proprietary
technologies that we have developed and compete with us
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition and operating results.


property-related laws and their implementation are still under development. Accordingly
 intellectual property rights and
confidentiality protections in China may not be as effective as in the United States or many other countries. In addition
policing unauthorized use of proprietary technology can be difficult and expensive. Litigation may be necessary to enforce
our intellectual property rights and the outcome of any such litigation may not be in our favor. Given the relative
unpredictability of China&rsquo;s legal system and potential difficulties enforcing a court judgment in China
 there is no
guarantee that we would be able to halt the unauthorized use of our intellectual property through litigation in a timely
manner or at all. Furthermore
 any such litigation may be costly and may divert management attention away from our business
and cause us to expend significant resources. An adverse determination in any such litigation will impair our intellectual
property rights and may harm our business
 prospects and reputation. In addition
 we have no insurance coverage against
litigation costs and would have to bear all costs arising from such litigation to the extent we are unable to recover them
from other parties. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial
condition and results of operations.

We may be exposed to infringement or
misappropriation claims by third parties
 which
 if determined adversely against us
 could disrupt our business and subject us
to significant liability to third parties.


on our ability to use and develop our know-how and product formulations without infringing upon the intellectual property rights
of third parties. We may be subject to litigation involving claims of infringement or violation of other intellectual property
rights of third parties. The holders of patents and other intellectual property rights potentially relevant to our product offerings
may be unknown to us or may otherwise make it difficult for us to acquire a license on commercially acceptable terms.


licensed to and relied on by us that are subject to infringement or other corresponding allegations or claims by others which could
damage our ability to rely on such technologies. In addition
 although we endeavor to ensure that companies that work with us possess
appropriate intellectual property rights or licenses
 we cannot fully avoid the risks of intellectual property rights infringement
created by suppliers of raw materials used in our products
 our third-party producers
 or by companies with which we work in cooperative
research and development activities. Our current or potential competitors
 many of which have substantial resources and have made
substantial investments in competing technologies
 may have obtained or may obtain patents that will prevent
 limit or interfere
with our ability to make
 use or sell our products in China or other countries. The defense of intellectual property claims
 including
patent infringement suits
 and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both costly and time-consuming
 and may significantly
divert the efforts and resources of our technical and management personnel. Furthermore
 an adverse determination in any such litigation
or proceeding to which we may become a party could cause us to:



    
    
    




    
    
seek licenses from third parties
 which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all;




    
    
pay additional ongoing royalties
 which could decrease our profit margins;




    
    
redesign our products
 which may be costly
 if possible at all; or




    
    
    



prevent us from pursuing some or all of our business and result in our customers or potential customers deferring
 canceling or
limiting their purchase or use of our products
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations.

&nbsp;Increased IT
security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems
 networks
 products
 solutions
and services.


threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality
availability and integrity of our data. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures
 our systems
networks
 products
 solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to advanced persistent threats. Depending on their nature
and scope
 such threats could potentially lead to the compromising of confidential information
 improper use of our systems and
networks
 manipulation and destruction of data
 defective products
 production downtimes and operational disruptions
 which in
turn could materially adversely affect our reputation
 competitiveness and results of operations.


    
    



Risks Associated With Doing Business in
China

Adverse changes in political and economic
policies of the PRC government could impede the overall economic growth of China
 which could reduce the demand for our products
and damage our business.


and generate all of our revenues in China. Accordingly
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects
are affected significantly by economic
 political and legal developments in China. The PRC economy differs from the economies of
most developed countries in many respects
 including:



    
    
    





    
    
    





    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy
 the PRC government has implemented various measures
to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. While these measures may benefit the overall PRC economy
 they
may also have a negative effect on us.


has in recent years implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform
 the PRC government continues
to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the PRC economy through the allocation of resources
 controlling
payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations
 setting monetary policy and imposing policies that impact particular industries
or companies in different ways. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in PRC laws and regulations
 including
those relating to how we conduct our business
 taxation
 import and export tariffs
 environmental regulations
 land use rights
property and other matters. We believe that our operations in China are in material compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory
requirements. However
 the central or local governments of the jurisdictions in which we operate may impose new
 stricter regulations
or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance
with such regulations or interpretations.


 government
actions in the future
 including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally
planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies
 could have a significant adverse effect
on economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof and could require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then
hold in PRC properties or joint ventures.


    
    





PRC food hygiene and safety laws may
become more onerous
 which may adversely affect our operations and financial performance and lead to an increase in our costs which
we may be unable to pass on to our customers.


the PRC dairy industry and infant formula sector are subject to compliance with PRC food hygiene and safety laws and
regulations. Such laws and regulations require all enterprises engaged in the production of dairy and infant formula products
to obtain a hygiene license. They also set out hygiene standards with respect to food and food additives
 packaging and
containers
 and labeling on packaging as well as hygiene requirements for food production and sites
 facilities and equipment
used for the transportation and the sale of food. Failure to comply with PRC food hygiene and safety laws may result in
fines
 suspension of operations
 loss of hygiene license and
 in certain cases
 criminal proceedings against an enterprise
and its management. Although we are in compliance with current PRC food hygiene and safety laws and regulations
 in the event
that such laws and regulations become more stringent or widen in scope
 we may fail to comply with such laws
 or if we
comply
 our production and distribution costs may increase
 and we may be unable to pass these additional costs on to our
customers. For example
 in response to the melamine contamination incident
 the PRC State Council abolished the regulations
on inspection exemptions for food on September 18
 2008 so that our products were to be subject to batch by batch inspection
going forward. In addition
 the PRC State Council promulgated with immediate effect the Regulation on Supervision and
Administration of Quality and Safety of Dairy Products on October 9
 2008 which
 among other things
 imposes more stringent
requirements for inspection
 production
 packaging
 labeling and product recall on dairy product producers. These measures
have increased our costs in the past and are likely to continue to contribute to our costs in the future
 which costs we may
be unable to pass on to our customers.

Changes in the regulatory environment
for dairy and infant nutrition products in China could negatively impact our business.


product industries in China are regulated and regulatory changes may affect both our customers and us. Any changes in regulations
that impose additional requirements for construction of new production lines and facilities or expansion of existing facilities
will require us to secure additional government approvals for our current production expansion projects. Similarly
 additional
safety and quality control regulations could impact our costs of production. For example
 in December 2013
 the Chinese State Food
and Drug Administration updated the national guidance for the renewal and re-affirmation of production licenses for manufacturing
infant-formula milk powder products in China. This regulation sets forth new rules and raises the bar&nbsp;on infant formula producers
in nine areas
 including product safety control
 purchase of raw materials
 formula product inspection
 manufacturing process and
product traceability. In particular
&nbsp;the requirement on a 100
000 grade clean space to meet the medical grade Good Manufacturing
Practices is&nbsp;widely considered as the most challenging requirement. For a more detailed description of these requirements
see &ldquo;Item 1. Business&mdash;Regulation&rdquo;. Although we believe our existing entities and facilities meet the requirements
it is possible that our entities may fail to meet one or more of the additional requirements in the future. Failure to comply with
these or any other changes in regulations affecting our business could have a material adverse effect on our business and our results
of operations
 including failure to renew our production licenses. In addition
 the indirect impact of any such changes could adversely
affect our business even if the specific regulations do not directly apply to our products or us.

Uncertainties with respect to the PRC
legal system could limit the legal protections available to you and us.


through our operating subsidiaries in China. Our operating subsidiaries are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable
to foreign investments in China and
 in particular
 laws applicable to foreign-invested enterprises. The PRC legal system is based
on written statutes
 and prior court decisions may be cited for reference
 but have limited precedential value. Over the past several
decades
 a series of new PRC laws and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign
investments in China. However
 since the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve
 the interpretations of many laws
 regulations
and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws
 regulations and rules involve uncertainties
 which may limit legal
protections available to you and us. In addition
 any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and
diversion of resources and management attention.


    
    





If we are found to have failed to comply
with applicable laws
 we may incur additional expenditures or be subject to significant fines and penalties.


to PRC laws and regulations applicable to us. However
 many PRC laws and regulations are uncertain in their scope
 and the implementation
of such laws and regulations in different localities could have significant differences. In certain instances
 local implementation
rules and/or the actual implementation are not necessarily consistent with the regulations at the national level. Although we strive
to comply with all the applicable PRC laws and regulations
 we cannot assure you that the relevant PRC government authorities will
not later determine that we have not been in compliance with certain laws or regulations. For example
 there is a PRC regulation
requiring all employees to make contributions to a housing fund based on their salary level and their employers to match such contributions.
However
 many employees are reluctant to make such contributions as they do not perceive such contribution will benefit them
 and
this regulation has generally not been rigorously enforced. We have allowed our employees to make contributions on a voluntary
basis and then match their contributions. However
 we cannot assure you that in the future the PRC government will not start to
enforce this regulation more rigorously. Although there are no material penalties stipulated in this regulation
 if we are found
not to be in compliance
 we may be required to bring current any past deficiencies
 which could adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations.


 our
facilities and products are subject to many laws and regulations administered by the PRC State Administration for Industry
and Commerce
 the PRC State Administration of Taxation
 the PRC Ministry of Health and Hygiene Permitting Office
 the PRC
General Administration of Quality Supervision
 Inspection and Quarantine
 and the PRC State Food and Drug Administration
Bureau relating to the processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising
 labeling
 quality
 and safety of food
products. Our failure to comply with these and other applicable laws and regulations in China could subject us to
administrative penalties and injunctive relief
 as well as civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions and recalls of our
products. It is possible that changes to such laws
 more rigorous enforcement of such laws or with respect to our current or
past practices
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition. Further
additional environmental
 health or safety issues relating to matters that are not currently known to management may result
in unanticipated liabilities and expenditures.

Restrictions on currency exchange may
limit our ability to receive and use our sales revenue effectively.


is denominated in Renminbi. Under PRC law
 the Renminbi is currently convertible under the &ldquo;current account
&rdquo; which
includes dividends and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions
 but not under the &ldquo;capital account
&rdquo;
which includes foreign direct investment and loans. Currently
 our PRC operating subsidiaries may purchase foreign currencies for
settlement of current account transactions
 including payments of dividends to us
 without the approval of the PRC State Administration
of Foreign Exchange
 or SAFE
 by complying with certain procedural requirements. However
 the relevant PRC government authorities
may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future.


controls on the convertibility of the RMB into foreign currencies and
 in certain cases
 the remittance of currency out of China.
We receive substantially all of our revenues in RMB. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations
 payments of current account
items
 including profit distributions
 interest payments and trade and service related foreign exchange transactions
 can be made
in foreign currencies without prior SAFE approval by complying with certain procedural requirements. Therefore
 after complying
with certain procedural requirements
 our PRC subsidiaries are able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to us without prior
approval from SAFE. However
 approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required where RMB is to
be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated
in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also at its discretion restrict access to foreign currencies for current account
transactions in the future. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to
satisfy our foreign currency demands
 we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders.


    
    




PRC regulations relating to investment
activities by
 and holdings in entities outside of China of
 PRC residents and citizens
 may subject our PRC resident and citizen
stockholders to personal liability and limit our ability to acquire PRC companies or to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries
limit our PRC subsidiaries&rsquo; ability to distribute profits to us or otherwise materially and adversely affect us.


 SAFE
issued a public notice
 the Notice on Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange Control over Financing and Return Investment Through
Special Purpose Companies by Residents Inside China
 or Notice 75. In May 2007
 SAFE issued the Notice of the State Administration
of Foreign Exchange on Operating Procedures Concerning Issues Relating to the Administration of Foreign Exchange in Fund Raising
and Return Investment Activities of Domestic Residents Conducted via Offshore Special Purpose Companies
 or Notice 106. According
to Notice 75 and Notice 106
 prior registration with the local SAFE branch is required for PRC residents to establish or to control
an offshore company for the purposes of financing that offshore company with assets or equity interests in an onshore enterprise
located in the PRC. An amendment to registration or filing with the local SAFE branch by such PRC resident is also required for
the injection of equity interests or assets of an onshore enterprise in the offshore company or overseas funds raised by such offshore
company
 or any other material change involving a change in the capital of the offshore company. Moreover
 Notice 75 and Notice
106 apply retroactively. As a result
 PRC residents who have established or acquired control of offshore companies that have made
onshore investments in the PRC in the past were required to complete the relevant registration with the local SAFE branch. If any
PRC stockholder of any offshore special purpose company fails to make the required SAFE registration and amendment
 the PRC subsidiaries
of that offshore special purpose company may be prohibited from distributing their profits and the proceeds from any reduction
in capital
 share transfer or liquidation to the offshore special purpose company. Moreover
 failure to comply with the SAFE registration
and amendment requirements described above could result in liability under PRC laws for evasion of applicable foreign exchange
restrictions.


and provisions in Notice 75 and Notice 106 remain unclear and implementation by central SAFE and local SAFE branches of
Notice 75 and Notice 106 have been inconsistent since their adoption. Based on the advice of our PRC counsel
 De Heng Law
Offices
 and after consultation with relevant SAFE officials
 our PRC resident stockholders and the PRC resident beneficial
stockholders of Meitek may be required to complete their respective SAFE registrations pursuant to Notice 75 and Notice 106.
The local SAFE branch may not accept their applications for SAFE registration until more detailed rules or announcements
concerning the penalties for those who failed to make their SAFE registrations are implemented. Moreover
 because of
uncertainty over how Notice 75 and Notice 106 will be interpreted and implemented
 and how or whether SAFE will apply it to
us
 we cannot predict how it will affect our business operations or future strategies. For example
 our present and
prospective PRC subsidiaries&rsquo; ability to conduct foreign exchange activities
 such as the remittance of dividends and
foreign currency-denominated borrowings
 may be subject to compliance with Notice 75 and Notice 106 by our PRC resident
beneficial holders. In addition
 such PRC residents may not always be able to complete the necessary registration procedures
required by Notice 75 and Notice 106. We also have little control over either our present or prospective direct or indirect
stockholders
 the PRC resident beneficial stockholders of Meitek
 or the outcome of such registration procedures. A failure
by our PRC resident beneficial holders or future PRC resident stockholders to comply with the SAFE notice
 if SAFE requires
it
 could subject us to fines or legal sanctions
 restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities
 limit our
subsidiary&rsquo;s ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure
 which could
adversely affect our business and prospects.

Fluctuations in exchange rates could
adversely affect our business and the value of our common stock.


affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates
 particularly between the U.S. dollar/Euro and the Renminbi
 and other currencies
in which our sales may be denominated
 and may affect our net profit margins and result in foreign currency exchange gains or losses
on our U.S. dollar/Euro denominated assets and liabilities. Because our earnings and cash assets are primarily denominated in Renminbi
appreciation or depreciation in the value of the Renminbi relative to the U.S. dollar/Euro would affect our financial results reported
in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations. Fluctuations in the
exchange rate will also affect the relative value of any dividend we issue that will be exchanged into U.S. dollars and earnings
from
 and the value of
 any U.S. dollar-denominated investments we make in the future.&nbsp;


dollar
 Euro and other currencies is affected by
 among other things
 changes in China&rsquo;s political and economic conditions
and China&rsquo;s foreign exchange policies. In late 2005
 China amended its policy of tracking the value of the Renminbi to the
U.S. dollar. The new policy permitted the Renminbi to fluctuate against a basket of foreign currencies
 which caused the Renminbi
to appreciate by approximately 21.5% against the U.S. dollar over the following three years. Since 2008
 the Renminbi has fluctuated
against other freely traded currencies. In June 2010
 the PRC government announced that it would allow greater flexibility for
the Renminbi to fluctuate against the U.S. dollar
 which resulted in further appreciation of the Renminbi. Between June 30
 2010
and December 31
 2013
 the value of the Renminbi appreciated by approximately 12.0% against the U.S. dollar
 although in 2014
the value of the Renminbi depreciated approximately 2.5% against the U.S. dollar. We cannot provide any assurances that the policy
of the PRC government will not affect or the manner in which it may affect the exchange rate between the Renminbi and the U.S.
dollar in the future.&nbsp;


in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date
 we have not entered into any hedging transactions in an
effort to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future
 the
availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited
 and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure
at all. In addition
 our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our
ability to convert Renminbi into foreign currencies.&nbsp;


 some of our
raw materials and major equipment are imported. In the event that the U.S. dollar/Euro appreciated against the Renminbi
 our costs
may increase. If we cannot pass the resulting cost increases on to our customers
 our profitability and operating results will
suffer. In addition
 to the extent we enter markets outside China in the future
 we may be increasingly subject to the risk of
foreign currency fluctuations.


    
    





Restrictions under PRC law on our PRC
subsidiaries&rsquo; ability to make dividends and other distributions could materially and adversely affect our ability to grow
make investments or acquisitions that could benefit our business
 pay dividends to our shareholders
 and otherwise fund and conduct
our businesses.


by our PRC subsidiaries. However
 PRC regulations restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make dividends and other payments
to their offshore parent company. PRC legal restrictions permit payments of dividend by our PRC subsidiaries only out of their
accumulated after-tax profits
 if any
 determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Each of our PRC
subsidiaries is also required under PRC laws and regulations to allocate at least 10% of our annual after-tax profits determined
in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in the PRC (&ldquo;PRC GAAP&rdquo;) to a statutory general reserve
fund until the amounts in such fund reaches 50% of their registered capitals in China. Allocations to these statutory reserve funds
can only be used for specific purposes and are not transferable to us in the form of loans
 advances or cash dividends.&nbsp;As
a result of these PRC laws and regulations
 the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries and PRC affiliates are restricted in their ability
to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company in the form of dividends
 loans or advances
 which restricted portion
amounted to RMB 716.7 million (equivalently $116.7 million) as of March 31
 2015. Any limitations on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries
to transfer funds to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow
 make investments or acquisitions that could be
beneficial to our business
 pay dividends and otherwise fund and conduct our business.

Under China&rsquo;s New Enterprise Income
Tax Law (&ldquo;EIT Law&rdquo;)
 we may be classified as a &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; of China. This classification could
result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders.


that enterprises established outside of China whose &ldquo;de facto management bodies&rdquo; are located in China are considered
&ldquo;resident enterprises&rdquo; and are generally subject to the uniform 25% enterprise income tax rate on their worldwide income.
In addition
 a circular issued by the State Administration of Taxation regarding the standards used to classify certain Chinese-invested
enterprises established outside of China as &ldquo;resident enterprises&rdquo; clarified that dividends and other income paid by
such &ldquo;resident enterprises&rdquo; will be considered to be PRC source income
 subject to PRC withholding tax
 currently at
a rate of 10%
 when recognized by non-PRC shareholders. This circular also subjects such &ldquo;resident enterprises&rdquo; to
various reporting requirements with the PRC tax authorities. Under the implementation regulations to the enterprise income tax
a &ldquo;de facto management body&rdquo; is defined as a body that has material and overall management and control over the manufacturing
and business operations
 personnel and human resources
 finances and treasury
 and acquisition and disposition of properties and
other assets of an enterprise. In addition
 the circular mentioned above details that certain Chinese-invested enterprises will
be classified as &ldquo;resident enterprises&rdquo; if the following are located or reside in China: senior management personnel
and departments that are responsible for daily production
 operation and management; financial and personnel decision making bodies;
key properties
 accounting books
 company seal
 and minutes of board meetings and shareholders&rsquo; meetings; and half or more
of the directors or senior management having voting rights. If the PRC tax authorities determine that Synutra
 Inc. or Synutra
International
 Inc. are &ldquo;resident enterprises
&rdquo; we may be subject to enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on our
worldwide income and dividends paid by us to our non-PRC shareholders and
 while less clear
 capital gains recognized by them with
respect to the sale of our stock
 may be subject to a PRC withholding tax. This will have an impact on our effective tax rate
a material adverse effect on our net income and results of operations
 and may require us to withhold tax on our non-PRC shareholders.
We are actively monitoring the &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; classification rules and are evaluating appropriate organizational
changes to avoid this treatment
 to the extent possible.


a &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; by PRC tax authorities
 we would be subject to tax in both the U.S. and China
 and our PRC
tax may not be creditable against our U.S. tax.


    
    




Our shareholders may have difficulty
enforcing judgments against us.


company and most of our assets are located outside of the United States. All of our current operations are conducted in the PRC.
In addition
 most of our directors and officers are nationals and residents of countries other than the United States. A substantial
portion of the assets of these persons is located outside the United States. As a result
 it may be difficult for our shareholders
to effect service of process within the United States upon these persons. It may also be difficult for our shareholders to enforce
in U.S. courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and
directors. In addition
 there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts.
DeHeng Law Offices
 our counsel as to PRC law
 has advised us that the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided
for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law. Courts in China may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements
of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on reciprocity between
jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other arrangements that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement
of foreign judgments with the United States. In addition
 according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law
 courts in the PRC will not
enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates basic principles
of PRC law or national sovereignty
 security or public interest. So it is uncertain whether a PRC court would enforce a judgment
rendered by a court in the United States.


Inflation in China and measures to
contain inflation could negatively affect our profitability and growth.


has experienced rapid growth
 such growth has been uneven among various sectors of the economy and in different geographical areas
of the country. Rapid economic growth can lead to growth in the money supply and rising inflation. If prices for our products rise
at a rate that is insufficient to compensate for the rise in our costs
 our business may be materially and adversely affected.
In order to control inflation in the past
 the PRC government has imposed controls on bank credits
 limits on loans for fixed assets
and restrictions on state bank lending. If imposed in the future
 such austerity measures or other measures could lead to a slowing
of economic growth. A slowdown in the PRC economy could also materially and adversely affect our business and prospects.




    
    



The PRC government may deem the control
agreements between us and certain of our consolidated affiliated entities to be non-compliant with restrictions on foreign investment
and as a result we may be subject to penalties or required to perform a costly restructuring of these entities.


currently restrict foreign entities from establishing clinical business in China. Foreign entities that wish to establish medical
clinical businesses in China must have domestic entities as partners. In order to comply with PRC law and avoid restrictions on
foreign investment in medical clinical operations
 we operate our medical treatment services (mostly pre-natal diagnostics services)
through Beijing Syclin Clinical Laboratory Co.
 Ltd. (the &ldquo;Entity&rdquo;) that is not directly owned by us. We control and
consolidate this Entity into our group consolidated results through a series of contractual arrangements. See &ldquo;Item 1
 Business&mdash;Our
Corporate Structure and History&rdquo; and &ldquo;Item 13.&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director
Independence.&rdquo;


we have in place are governed by PRC law.&nbsp;&nbsp;There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application
of current and future PRC laws and regulations on these contractual agreements and it is possible that the PRC authorities may
in the future find these arrangements unlawful. If these arrangements were to be deemed unlawful
 the PRC authorities have broad
discretion to penalize us
 including:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    



 we
have no assurance that Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang
 parties to these control agreements
 will continue to cooperate with us
and honor these control agreements.&nbsp;&nbsp;There is a risk that they will not always act in our best
interests.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we cannot resolve any conflicts of interest or dispute that may arise between them and us
 we may
have to take legal action to compel them to fulfill their contractual obligations and there is substantial uncertainty as to
the outcome of any such legal proceedings.&nbsp;&nbsp;It may be difficult for us to change our corporate structure or to
bring claims against the Entity if they do not perform their obligations under these contractual arrangements.

The audit report included in this annual
report is prepared by an auditor who is not inspected by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and
 as such
 you are deprived
of the benefits of such inspection.


public accounting firm that issues the audit reports included in this annual report
 as an auditor of companies that are traded
publicly in the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB
 is required by the laws of the United States to undergo regular
inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the United States and professional standards. Because our auditors
are located in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections
without the approval of the Chinese authorities
 our auditors are not currently inspected by the PCAOB.


that the PCAOB has conducted outside of China have identified deficiencies in those firms&rsquo; audit procedures and quality control
procedures
 which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. This lack of PCAOB inspections
in China prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditor&rsquo;s audits and its quality control procedures. As a result
investors may be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB inspections.


to conduct inspections of auditors in China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our auditor&rsquo;s audit
procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to PCAOB inspections. Investors
may lose confidence in our reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial statements.

Proceedings instituted by the SEC against
five PRC-based accounting firms
 including our independent registered public accounting firm
 could result in financial statements
being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act.


affiliates of the &lsquo;&lsquo;big four&rsquo;&rsquo; accounting firms
 including our independent registered public accounting
firm
 were affected by a conflict between U.S. and Chinese law. Specifically
 for certain U.S.-listed companies operating and audited
in mainland China
 the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 or the PCAOB
 sought to obtain from the Chinese firms
access to their audit work papers and related documents. The firms were
 however
 advised and directed that under Chinese law
they could not respond directly to the US regulators on those requests
 and that requests by foreign regulators for access to such
papers in China had to be channeled through the China Securities Regulatory Commission
 or the CSRC.


impasse led the SEC to commence administrative proceedings under Rule 102(e) of its Rules of Practice and also under the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 against the Chinese accounting firms
 including our independent registered public accounting firm.
A first instance trial of the proceedings in July 2013 in the SEC&rsquo;s internal administrative court resulted in an
adverse judgment against the firms. The administrative law judge proposed penalties on the firms including a temporary
suspension of their right to practice before the SEC
 although that proposed penalty did not take effect pending review by
the Commissioners of the SEC. On February 6
 2015
 before a review by the Commissioner had taken place
 the firms reached a
settlement with the SEC. Under the settlement
 the SEC accepts that future requests by the SEC for the production of
documents will normally be made to the CSRC. The firms will receive matching Section&nbsp;106 requests
 and are required to
abide by a detailed set of procedures with respect to such requests
 which in substance require them to facilitate production
via the CSRC. If they fail to meet specified criteria
 the SEC retains authority to impose a variety of additional remedial
measures on the firms depending on the nature of the failure. Remedies for any future noncompliance could include
 as
appropriate
 an automatic six-month bar on a single firm&rsquo;s performance of certain audit work
 commencement of a new
proceeding against a firm
 or in extreme cases the resumption of the current proceeding against all four firms.


SEC restarts the administrative proceedings
 depending upon the final outcome
 listed companies in the United States with major
PRC operations may find it difficult or impossible to retain auditors in respect of their operations in the PRC
 which could result
in financial statements being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 including possible delisting. Moreover
 any negative news about any such future proceedings against
these audit firms may cause investor uncertainty regarding China-based
 United States-listed companies and the market price of
our ADSs may be adversely affected.


public accounting firm was denied
 even temporarily
 the ability to practice before the SEC and we were unable to timely find another
registered public accounting firm to audit and issue an opinion on our financial statements
 our financial statements could be
determined not to be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act. Such a determination could ultimately lead to the
delisting of our ordinary shares from the NYSE Global Market or deregistration from the SEC
 or both
 which would substantially
reduce or effectively terminate the trading of our ADSs in the United States.


    
    







The market price of our common stock
is volatile
 and its value may be depressed at a time when our stockholders want to sell their holdings.


common stock is volatile
 and this volatility may continue. For instance
 between July 1
 2008 and March 31
 2015
 the price of
our common stock
 as reported on the NASDAQ on which our common stock has traded
 ranged between $3.99 and $52.24. Though we believe
this dramatic fluctuation resulted mainly from volatility in our earnings
 which is attributable to various events including
 but
not limited to the melamine contamination incident
 the prematurity event and the worldwide market disruption
 numerous factors
many of which are beyond our control
 may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly.


and industry factors
 the price and trading volume for our common stock may be highly volatile for specific business reasons. Factors
such as variations in our revenues
 earnings and cash flow
 announcements of new investments
 cooperation arrangements or acquisitions
and fluctuations in market prices for our products could cause the market price for our shares to change substantially. In addition
our stock price may be impacted by the performance
 reputation
 or stock prices of other Chinese companies that are listed in the
U.S.


litigation is often instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation
could result in substantial costs to us and divert our management&rsquo;s attention and resources.


our common stock will also be influenced by research or reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business.
If one or more analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock
 the market price for our common stock would likely decline. If
one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us
 we could lose visibility in the
financial markets
 which
 in turn
 could cause the market price for our common stock or trading volume to decline.


 securities
markets may from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to operating performance
of particular companies. These market fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock and other interests in our
company at a time when our stockholders want to sell their interest in us.

Although publicly traded
 the trading
market in our common stock has been substantially less liquid than the common stock of many companies quoted on the NASDAQ Global
Select Market
 and this low trading volume may adversely affect the price of our common stock.


stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market
 the trading volume of our common stock has generally been very low.
Reported average daily trading volume in our common stock for the twelve month period ended March 31
 2015 was approximately
39
533 shares. Limited trading volume will subject our shares of common stock to greater price volatility and may make it
difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares of common stock at a price that is attractive to them.

Provisions in our charter documents and
under Delaware law could discourage a change-of-control that our stockholders may consider favorable.


and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes
in our management. These provisions include the following:



    
    
our board of directors is divided into three classes
 with approximately one-third of our directors elected each year;




    
    
our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation
 death or removal of a director
 which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors;




    
    
    




    
    
we have adopted provisions that eliminate the personal liability of directors for monetary damages for actions taken as a director
 with certain exceptions; and




    
    
our board of directors may issue
 without stockholder approval
 shares of undesignated preferred stock
 which makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us.



we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law
 a corporation may not engage in a business
combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or
 among
other things
 the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent
or delay an acquisition of us.







    
    






currently located in Beijing with around 45
500 square meters of leased office space and with 31
300 square meters of leased land
as our management
 marketing
 and research and development headquarter. Our processing and packaging facilities are located in
various locations in China
 including Qingdao
 Fengzhen and Zhenglanqi. These facilities encompass approximately 106
000 square
meters of office
 plant
 and warehouse space. Our distribution center located in Qingdao includes approximately 25
000 square meters
of owned office space. All of our production facilities are built based on the GMP standard
 and all of our facilities that have
commenced operation have ISO9000 and HACCP series qualifications with some also being ISO14000 certified.


in China
 we are building a drying facility in Carhaix

OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS &ndash; Liquidity and Capital Resources


forth certain information with respect to our production
 processing and packaging facilities.




        
    

        
    

        
of March 31
 2015&nbsp;
    

        
    

        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Carhaix
 France
    
    
    
    
Drying of raw milk and whey
&nbsp;mixing and packaging of powdered formula products
    
    

    
    
Qingdao
 Shandong
    
78
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
75
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Fengzhen
 Inner Mongolia
    
3
800
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Zhenglanqi
 Inner Mongolia
    
9
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Qingdao
 Shandong
    
&nbsp;1
700
    
    
    
    
    



ownership in China. Individuals and companies are permitted to acquire land use rights for specific purposes and for limited periods.
Each period may be renewed at the expiration of the initial and any subsequent terms. Granted land use rights are transferable
and may be used as security for borrowings and other obligations.


    
    









 2015
 the
Company is not involved in any legal proceedings which it believes will have the potential for a materially adverse impact on the
Company&rsquo;s business or financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. The Company is subject to legal proceedings
and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. Claims have been made against the Company from time to time. The Company
intends to contest each lawsuit vigorously.






    
    






ITEM 5.&nbsp;&nbsp;MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S
COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol &ldquo;SYUT&rdquo; since November 8
 2007. Our common stock was previously
quoted on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board
 or OTCBB
 under the trading symbol &ldquo;SYUT.OB&rdquo; until April 11
 2007. On
April 12
 2007
 our common stock was listed on the NASDAQ Global Market and subsequently approved for listing on the NASDAQ Global
Select Market on November 8
 2007.


reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent actual transactions.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2015
we had&nbsp;14 registered stockholders of our common stock on record. This number does not include shares held by brokerage
clearing houses
 depositories or otherwise in unregistered form or shares held by a custodian for the benefit of our
employees.




or paid any dividends on shares of our common stock. We intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and growth
of our business
 and we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future.


by our PRC subsidiaries. However
 PRC regulations restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make dividends and other payments
to their offshore parent company. PRC legal restrictions permit payments of dividend by our PRC subsidiaries only out of their
accumulated after-tax profits
 if any
 determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Each of our PRC
subsidiaries is also required under PRC laws and regulations to allocate at least 10% of our annual after-tax profits determined
in accordance with PRC GAAP to a statutory general reserve fund until the amounts in such fund reaches 50% of our registered capital.
Allocations to these statutory reserve funds can only be used for specific purposes and are not transferable to us in the form
of loans
 advances or cash dividends. In addition
 there are restrictions on the distribution of share capital from the Company&rsquo;s
PRC subsidiaries. As of March 31
 2015
 the common stock
 additional paid-in capital and statutory reserve of PRC subsidiaries
were RMB 993.5 million
 which were equivalent to $161.8 million using the exchange rate as of March 31
 2015.


authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans
 see &ldquo;Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.&rdquo;






    
    


ITEM 6.&nbsp;&nbsp;SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA


consolidated balance sheets data for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 and selected consolidated statements of operations
data for the fiscal years of 2015
 2014 and 2013 are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in this Form 10-K. The financial data for the remaining years are derived from audited consolidated financial statements which
are not included in this Form 10-K. The results of operations for past accounting periods are not necessarily indicative of the
results to be expected for any future accounting period.


forth below should be read in conjunction with
 and are qualified in their entirety by reference to &ldquo;Item 7. Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&rdquo; and our consolidated financial statements and
related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K.



    
    
Fiscal Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
413
941
    
    
    
370
534
    
    
    
265
770
    
    
    
342
539
    
    
    
248
516
    

    
    
    
224
387
    
    
    
217
027
    
    
    
171
211
    
    
    
201
618
    
    
    
170
769
    

    
    
    
189
554
    
    
    
153
507
    
    
    
94
559
    
    
    
140
921
    
    
    
77
747
    

    
    
    
57
797
    
    
    
53
710
    
    
    
51
005
    
    
    
49
628
    
    
    
48
409
    

    
    
    
40
027
    
    
    
32
912
    
    
    
35
176
    
    
    
30
035
    
    
    
41
420
    

    
    
    
27
994
    
    
    
25
506
    
    
    
30
220
    
    
    
23
948
    
    
    
28
261
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
440
    

    
    
    
5
845
    
    
    
1
040
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
15
294
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
625
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
217
    
    
    
5
484
    
    
    
1
441
    

    
    
    
73
740
    
    
    
41
630
    
    
    
(14
000
    
    
    
42
794
    
    
    
(40
342
    

    
    
    
16
033
    
    
    
16
162
    
    
    
15
018
    
    
    
14
276
    
    
    
10
321
    

    
    
    
7
608
    
    
    
4
658
    
    
    
2
326
    
    
    
1
870
    
    
    
    
    

Other income (expense)
 net
    
    
2
267
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
67
582
    
    
    
30
478
    
    
    
(27
035
    
    
    
30
534
    
    
    
(49
566
    

    
    
    
(4
449
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
37
186
    
    
    
13
510
    
    
    
(9
306
    

    
    
    
72
031
    
    
    
30
348
    
    
    
(64
221
    
    
    
17
024
    
    
    
(40
260
    

    
    
    
2
498
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
69
533
    
    
    
30
929
    
    
    
(63
888
    
    
    
16
737
    
    
    
(40
068
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
85
171
    
    
    
90
915
    
    
    
79
050
    
    
    
64
793
    
    
    
48
741
    

    
    
    
(3
956
    
    
    
(25
010
    
    
    
(40
006
    
    
    
10
565
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
87
754
    
    
    
83
986
    
    
    
87
707
    
    
    
75
499
    
    
    
67
372
    

    
    
    
664
885
    
    
    
550
683
    
    
    
476
144
    
    
    
447
913
    
    
    
398
704
    

    
    
    
145
639
    
    
    
115
917
    
    
    
127
449
    
    
    
86
614
    
    
    
124
281
    

    
    
    
130
426
    
    
    
91
505
    
    
    
82
663
    
    
    
40
831
    
    
    
38
131
    

    
    
    
144
627
    
    
    
160
533
    
    
    
102
164
    
    
    
92
745
    
    
    
62
722
    

    
    
    
7
806
    
    
    
7
898
    
    
    
7
848
    
    
    
4
726
    
    
    
5
540
    

    
    
    
163
490
    
    
    
179
161
    
    
    
120
476
    
    
    
104
243
    
    
    
74
310
    

    
    
    
114
569
    
    
    
61
256
    
    
    
29
207
    
    
    
97
092
    
    
    
75
926
    



    
    




ITEM 7.&nbsp;&nbsp;MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information
the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans
 estimates and beliefs. Our actual results
could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these
differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K
 particularly in &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors.&rdquo;




formula company in China. We principally engage in the production
 distribution and sale of dairy based nutritional products under
the &ldquo;Shengyuan&rdquo; or &ldquo;Synutra&rdquo; line of brands in the PRC. We focus on selling powdered formula products for
infants and adults
 and also engage in other nutritional product offerings
 such as prepared foods and certain nutritional supplements.
We sell most of our products through an extensive nationwide sales and distribution network covering all provinces and provincial-level
municipalities in mainland China. As of March 31
 2015
 this network comprised over 740 independent distributors and over 310 independent
sub-distributors who sell our products in approximately 21
000 retail outlets.


reportable segments:



    
Nutritional Food: includes the sale of
    powdered infant and adult formula products
 with major brands including Super
 My Angel and Dutch Cow
 as well as the sale of
    prepared foods under the Huiliduo brand;





    
Nutritional Supplement: includes the
    production and sale of nutritional supplements such as chondroitin sulfate to third parties
 and microencapsulated
    Docosahexanoic Acid (&ldquo;DHA&rdquo;) and Arachidonic Acid (&ldquo;ARA&rdquo;) to the nutritional food segment for use in
    powdered formula production;     and




    
Other Business:  includes non-core businesses such as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers
 providing genetic diagnostic services for&nbsp;new born babies
 and sales of cosmetics to pregnant women.






of our Gold Mining Strategy
 which improved our management of distributors and stores with regard to both inventories and expenses
as more fully described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014
 we continued to execute the
same management philosophy in fiscal 2015. We continued to focus on the productivity of our stores
 promoters and sales staff
and to continue to build our brand through direct communication with consumers via our promoters
 rather than through mass market
advertisements or promotional campaigns.


 we
launched the Kangaroo program in fiscal 2015. &nbsp;The primary purpose of this program is to encourage our approximately 8
000
in-store promoters to better serve our consumers through our membership royalty program. Promoters&rsquo; compensation was previously
solely based on the commission they received on the sales in the stores where they worked and only during the hours they worked.&nbsp;
In the second quarter of fiscal 2015
 we started to reward bonuses to promoters based on the royalty points accumulated by their
members
 regardless of where and when sales occur
 which encouraged promoters to maintain an accurate and updated list of their
members in our central database. &nbsp;In the third quarter of fiscal 2015
 we launched our self-developed sales management mobile
application
 called &ldquo;Treasure in Hand&rdquo;. All of our promoters were required to download this application and use it
to manage or monitor cell phone based communications with their members
 including calls
 short messages and WeChat messages (the
dominant mobile communication application in China).&nbsp; Our sales staff manages these promoters based on the recorded interactions
in Treasure in Hand
 and our central database supporting this application has become the centralized platform to distribute information
as well as to analyze and manage sales and service behavior.&nbsp; The next stage of this program
 which started in the last quarter
of fiscal 2015
 is to further encourage our promoters to further consolidate their form of communication to WeChat based group
chats
 which helps to build a sense of community that matches the nature of our products
 and allows the Company to send tailored
messages to tens of thousands of such groups in a direct and personal way. &nbsp;In fiscal 2016
 we expect to further develop these
WeChat based member service channels into e-commerce channels. &nbsp;


 in fiscal 2015 we successfully launched
four new premium products
 each of which was developed in response to increased market demand for premium products: (1) Advanced
Super formula with partially hydrolyzed proteins
 (2) Super Goat formula with 100% goat whole milk and goat whey protein
 (3) Organic
Super formula with 100% organic raw material produced by our overseas partner and (4) &ldquo;Jishan&rdquo; (gourmet) series of
our Dutch Cow adult formula product which comes in gift box sets that emphasize the health benefits (including high fiber and low
sugar) of the formula.&nbsp;



in fiscal 2015 we have also benefited from the high growth in sales of our specialty formula products
 as well as the exclusively
marketed private label channel.&nbsp;&nbsp;The success in the former product category is based on the overall growth of this category
as well as our leading position in this niche market
 and the success of the latter is due to the brands we have acquired over
the last year as many domestically registered minor brands have exited the market since the Chinese government started to call
for consolidation in the infant formula market in first quarter of fiscal 2014.


on our French Project
 as described below. Our board recently approved the expansion of the mixing and canning capacity at
the Carhaix plant to 60
000 tons
 as well as the addition of a can manufacturing line which will be fully automated and
coordinated with the canning line.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 the total budget for this project has increased to 161 million
Euros.&nbsp;&nbsp;We do not expect to have any further material increases to the budget or expansion of the facility&rsquo;s
capacities or functions.&nbsp;&nbsp;We expect to begin trial operations of the drying towers in the fourth quarter of
calendar 2015
 with formal operations beginning in the first quarter of 2016
 at which time trial operations will begin in
the mixing and packaging facility.&nbsp;&nbsp;Once we receive certification from the Chinese FDA
 we plan to start importing
our 100% French-produced infant formula into the Chinese market in the second quarter of calendar year 2016.


    
    








are primarily affected by the following factors:




in China has contributed to a greater acceptance by consumers in China of and desire for higher-priced products with perceived
quality advantages associated with such products. Thus
 we believe that infant formula producers with a reputation for quality
and safety should be able to command higher average selling prices and thereby generate higher gross margins than competitors that
do not possess the same perceived reputation for quality and safety. Conversely
 any decrease in consumer perceptions of quality
and safety could adversely impact such producers&rsquo; sales and gross margins
 even if the perception is from misinformation
or disinformation. Moreover
 a decrease in the quality and safety of any particular product could trigger wider negative perception
of the decrease in the quality and safety of all producers
 thereby affecting the industry generally. For example
 the melamine
contamination incident had resulted in a significant reduction in the sales of a number of major dairy product companies in China
including us
 and the prematurity event resulted in a significant decline in our sales. If a future market crisis involving any
of our products should occur
 especially if management failed to respond to such crisis in a timely and effective manner
 our brand
recognition and reputation could be severely damaged
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. See Part I - Item

and quality of our products. Any ill effects
 product liability claims
 recalls
 adverse publicity or negative public perception
regarding particular ingredients or products or our industry in general could harm our reputation
 damage our brand&nbsp;and adversely
affect our results of operations




 there
has been growing demand in China for premium infant formula products due to increasing consumer awareness of brand image and nutritional
value of the products offered by leading producers. Although the market is still highly competitive
 we believe that companies
with strong national brands and customer loyalty will increasingly capture market share from regional brands with less brand recognition.
Moreover
 we believe brand recognition and customer loyalty are predominantly influenced by customer perceptions of the quality
and safety of branded products. We believe the melamine contamination incident involving 22 infant formula producers has increased
the importance of consumer perception of quality and safety and the need to maintain and increase brand recognition and customer
loyalty.




formula market is expected to grow significantly
 competition is intense. We face significant competition from domestic and multinational
producers. A small number of multinational players enjoy significant market share in China
 particularly in the more affluent major
urban areas
 based on greater brand name recognition among Chinese consumers. In addition
 competition from domestic producers
has become more intense in recent years
 especially from large national milk companies
 such as Yili
 Yashili
 Beingmate and Feihe
which have entered the infant formula market.


and marketing premium products for the infant formula market in China. By leveraging our focused marketing strategy
 our brand
name and our sales and marketing infrastructure
 we have been able to sell infant formula products to consumers in China&rsquo;s
small to mid-size cities and rural areas and aside from the prematurity event
 had been perceived to deliver premium quality that
justifies our premium prices.




and is expected to remain
 our primary product. Due to rising economic affluence in China
 infant formula products have become
more affordable
 resulting in the rapid growth of the overall market for infant formula in China. Despite the recent rapid growth
we believe much of the market is still underserved with respect to infant formula. We believe this growth in demand will help drive
sales for many PRC infant formula producers
 but companies with strong brand loyalty and extensive distribution networks in China
will have greater ability to capitalize on such growth as well as to increase prices and pass on higher raw material costs to customers.
This can be accomplished through launching higher-priced new infant formula product lines or re-launching older product lines with
higher prices and improved product features.




producing our infant formula are subject to the supply and price volatility of milk powder
 whey powder and other raw materials
which are affected by the PRC and global markets. Increases in the price of milk powder and whey powder would negatively impact
our gross margins if we are not able to offset such price increases through increases in our selling price or change in product

by fluctuations in availability and price of raw materials.




on our extensive distribution network
 our consumer education programs and customer relation services to market and sell our products.
We spent aggressively on advertising and promotions to rebuild our brand image and to recover customers and market share after
the prematurity event. As our market share has stabilized
 we reduced our spending on advertising and promotion
 and refocused
our efforts to achieve effective market pull-through with new customers by supporting increased activities on the consumer-end
and beyond the distribution channels by our field promoters in the communities. For example
 we trained our in-store promoters
to approach potential consumers more proactively
 including conducting more home visits
 phone communications and educational programs.
We do not expect significant increase in advertising and promotion expenses in near future.


    
    








in the United States
 Hong Kong
 Netherlands
 France and China. Income taxes of our subsidiaries are calculated in accordance with
taxation principles currently effective in the PRC. For Synutra Illinois and Synutra Delaware
 applicable U.S. tax laws are followed.
For Synutra International (HK) Company Limited
 Unisono B.V. and Synutra France International SAS
 applicable local tax laws are
followed.


 2007
the National People&rsquo;s Congress of the PRC approved and promulgated a new tax law
 which took effect beginning January
1
 2008. The Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries then measure and pay enterprise income tax pursuant to the new tax law. Under
the new tax law
 foreign investment enterprise and domestic companies are subject to a uniform income tax rate of 25%. The
new tax law provides a five-year transition period from its effective date for those enterprises which were established
before the promulgation date of the new tax law and which were entitled to a preferential lower tax rate under the then
effective tax laws or regulations. &nbsp;


PRC subsidiaries are eligible for tax holidays. The impact of the PRC tax holiday decreased income taxes by $0.8 million
 nil and
nil for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The benefit of the tax holidays on basic and diluted
earnings (loss) per share was $0.01
 nil and nil for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


PRC subsidiaries are eligible under the transition rules to continue enjoying tax holidays or reduced tax rate until expiration.
The following table illustrates the applicable tax rate and tax holidays of major PRC subsidiaries under the new EIT Law:




        
    

        
January 1
 2008
    

Tax Holiday (based on calendar
year)&nbsp;

Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    

Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    

Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    

Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
12.5% (2012); high-tech enterprise at 15% (2014
 2015)

Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    

Beijing Syclin Clinical Laboratory Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    

Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    

Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd
    
    
    
    



car cosmetic Co. Ltd. 25% no tax holding. Our income will be derived from dividends we receive from our PRC operating
subsidiaries described above. The New EIT Law and its implementing rules generally provide that a 10% withholding tax applies
to China-sourced income derived by non-resident enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. We expect that such
10% withholding tax will apply to dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries but this treatment will depend on our status
as a non-resident enterprise. For detailed discussion of PRC tax issues related to resident enterprise status
 see Part-I -

Income Tax Law (&ldquo;EIT Law&rdquo;)
 we may be classified as a &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; of China.
This classification could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders.


files stand-alone tax returns and we do not file a consolidated tax return.




statements in accordance with US GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management periodically
evaluates the estimates and judgments made. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various
factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates as
a result of different assumptions or conditions.


accounting policies involve more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements.


    
    







revenue when title and risk and rewards for the products are transferred to the customer
 price is fixed or determinable
 and
collectability is reasonably assured. Most of the Company&rsquo;s nutritional food sales are made through distributors. Under
the distributor arrangement
 evidenced by purchase order
 revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of
products by the distributors. For sales of My Angel series powdered formula products
 which is directly sold to baby stores
the revenue recognition is similar to that of distributor sales
 and the revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of
delivery of products by the baby stores. For sales of the powdered formula products directly through certain supermarket
retailers
 who have a right of return clause
 the revenue is recognized until the supermarkets have paid the Company as the
sale return by these supermarket retailers cannot be reasonably estimated. For sales to&nbsp;a limited number of distributors
from whom&nbsp;collectability is not reasonably assured
 revenue is recognized when the Company received payments.


sales are subject to various deductions
 primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers
 which are
reported as a reduction of revenue. The Company provides discounts or rebates to customers in the following ways:



    
    
    




    
    
The Company offers rebates to a few distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives. These sale rebates are typically determined based on a percentage of sales after attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products by the distributors and supermarket retailers. The Company recognized a liability for the sales rebates at the time at which the related revenue is recognized by the Company
 based on the specific terms in each agreement and the expected sales of each distributor or supermarket retailer. 




program administrated by a third party
 the program operator
 to conduct its promotional activities. In connection with a
current revenue transaction of specific products
 the Company offers to the customer award points which can be exchanged for
free products that will be delivered by the program operator
 at a future date at the customer's request. The value of the
award is insignificant in relation to the value of the transactions necessary to earn the awards under other current
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets
 which was amounted to $1.0 million
 $1.9 million and $6.6 million as of March
31
 2015
 2014 and 2013. The Company records a liability for the estimated cost of the award products. The related cost
is recorded under Advertising and promotion expenses in the consolidated statement of operations
 which was amounted to
$3.7 million
 $3.2 million and $2.6 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&nbsp;





for doubtful accounts primarily based on the age of receivables and factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers.
An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. We perform a risk assessment
for each customer
 and provide specific allowance for those deemed to have a high risk of uncollectibility. We also record a provision
for other customers without specific risks based on a review of the receivables aging and our historical experience. Bad debts
are written off as incurred.


    
    








at the lower of cost or market. The valuation of inventory requires us to estimate excess and slow moving inventory. The determination
of the value of excess and slow moving inventory is based upon assumptions of future demands and market conditions. If actual market
conditions are less favorable than those projected by management
 inventory write-downs may be required. We routinely evaluate
quantities and value of our inventories in light of current market conditions and market trends. We record write-downs against
the cost of inventories for a decline in market
 which establishes a new cost basis for inventory. In estimating obsolescence
we utilize our backlog information and forecasts of future demand. Market conditions are subject to change and actual consumption
of inventories could differ materially from forecasted demand. Furthermore
 the price of milk powder is subject to fluctuations
based on global supply and demand. If actual market conditions are less favorable or other factors arise that are significantly
different from those anticipated by management
 additional inventory write-downs or increases in obsolescence reserves may be required.




taxes has been determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. Under this approach
 deferred
taxes represent the future tax consequences expected to occur when the reported amounts of assets and liabilities are recovered
or paid. The provision for income taxes represents income taxes paid or payable for the current year plus the change in deferred
taxes during the year. Deferred taxes result from differences between the financial and tax bases of our assets and liabilities
and are adjusted for changes in tax rates and tax laws when changes are enacted. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred
tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. The assessment of whether or not a valuation
allowance is required often requires significant judgment including the long-range forecast of future taxable income and the evaluation
of tax planning initiatives. Adjustments to the deferred tax valuation allowances are made to earnings in the period when such
assessments are made.


on expected income
 statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate.
For interim financial reporting
 we estimate the annual tax rate based on projected taxable income for the full year and record
a quarterly income tax provision in accordance with the anticipated annual rate. As the year progresses
 we refine the estimates
of the year&rsquo;s taxable income as new information becomes available
 including year-to-date financial results. This continual
estimation process often results in a change to our expected effective tax rate for the year. When this occurs
 we adjust the income
tax provision during the quarter in which the change in estimate occurs so that the year-to-date provision reflects the expected
annual tax rate. Significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions.


tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets
and liabilities. Deferred tax assets represent items to be used as a tax deduction or credit in future tax returns for which we
have already properly recorded the tax benefit in the income statement. At least quarterly
 we assess the likelihood that the deferred
tax asset balance will be recovered from future taxable income. We consider positive and negative evidence when determining whether
a portion or all of our deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized. We take into account such factors as prior earnings
history
 expected future earnings
 carry-back and carry-forward periods
 the duration of statutory carry forward periods and tax
strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of a realization of a deferred tax asset. To the extent recovery is unlikely
a valuation allowance is established against the deferred tax asset and increasing our income tax expense in the year such determination
is made. As of March 31
 2015
 we had deferred tax assets of $21.6 million. We accrued a valuation allowance of $9.0 million since
it is more likely than not that the relative operating loss will not be utilized before expiration. Tax benefits relating to&nbsp;future
reversals&nbsp;of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets
 if any
&nbsp;will be recognized as a reduction of income tax
expense.&nbsp;


our investment strategies with respect to each foreign tax jurisdiction in which we operate to determine whether foreign earnings
will be indefinitely reinvested offshore and
 accordingly
 whether U.S. income taxes should be provided when such earnings are
recorded. As of March 31
 2015
 we believed all earnings generated in China
 Hong Kong and Netherlands would be indefinitely reinvested
and as a result
 we did not record any income taxes on such earnings.


associated with an uncertain tax position when
 in our judgment
 it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained
upon examination by a taxing authority. For a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold
 we initially
and subsequently measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that we judge to have a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized
upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority. Our liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted periodically
due to changing circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits
 case law developments and new or emerging legislation. Such
adjustments are recognized entirely in the period in which they are identified. Our effective tax rate includes the net impact
of changes in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and subsequent adjustments as considered appropriate by management. As
of March 31
 2015
 we had recorded liabilities of $1.5 million under other long term liabilities.


penalties recognized on the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. For the fiscal year ended March 31
2015
 the unrecognized tax benefit did not change significantly and the amount of interest and penalties related to uncertain tax
position is immaterial.




assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group
may not be recoverable. Factors that we consider in deciding when to perform an impairment review include
 but are not limited
to significant under-performance of a business or product line in relation to expectations
 and significant changes or planned
changes in the use of the assets. An impairment analysis is performed at the lower level of identifiable independent cash flows
for an asset or asset group. We assess the recoverability of long-lived assets by comparing the carrying amount of the asset group
to the estimate of the related total future undiscounted cash flow. If an asset group&rsquo;s carrying value is not recoverable
through the related undiscounted cash flows
 the impairment loss is measured by comparing the difference between the asset group&rsquo;s
carrying value and its fair value.


tests involve the use of accounting estimates and assumptions that management believed to be reasonable
 the result of which
form the basis for our conclusions. While the current analysis suggested that no impairment was recognized
 significant
changes to these estimates and assumptions could adversely impact our conclusion to these impairment tests. We will continue
to closely monitor our financial performance and projections for the asset groups and the economic conditions of the product
end markets. Any significant change in market conditions and estimates of judgments could give rise to impairment in the
period that the change becomes known.


continuous operating losses in past years
 slow market development and expected higher promotion expenditures to achieve
meaningful sales. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 the prepared food assets with a carrying amount of $10.7 million
were written down to their fair value of $5.7 million
 resulting in an impairment charge of $4.7 million on equipment and
$0.3 million on the Huiliduo brand
 Based on the nature of the assets being assessed
 the fair value for buildings and land
use rights
 was estimated using direct comparison method under the market approach. The direct comparison method is a set of
procedures in which a value indication is derived by comparing the real estate being appraised to similar real estate that
have been sold recently. Then applying appropriate units of comparison and making adjustments to the sale prices of the
comparable based on the elements of comparison such as differences in location
 size
 decoration and year of completion
 etc.
to derive at the fair value of the real estate. In determining the fair value for the equipment
 the Company adopted a
probability weighted average method
 and concluded the fair value to be approximately $0.7 million
 which was close to the
equipment's salvage value. The prepared food assets group was reported under nutritional food segment.


annual impairment testing of indefinite lived intangible assets
 the impairment loss of $0.8 million was recognized for the
Ausmeadow brand due to the lower operating performance than the Company's previous expectations. The Ausmeadow was an minor
brand for powdered formula business of nutritional food segment which was acquired in 2012 at $1.2 million and which
represented 0.30% and 0.25% of Powdered Formula sales in fiscal 2014 and 2015
 respectively
 


$1.0 million in fiscal year 2014 related to the prepared food as a result of the operating loss and negative operating cash flow.
No impairment charges were recognized during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013.


    
    







Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2015 Compared
to Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2014


comparative results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
Fiscal Years Ended March 31

    
    
    
    

(In thousands
 except per share data)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
413
941
    
    
    
370
534
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
386
807
    
    
    
314
459
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
224
387
    
    
    
217
027
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
198
572
    
    
    
158
765
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
189
554
    
    
    
153
507
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
188
235
    
    
    
155
694
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
73
740
    
    
    
41
630
    
    
    
    
    

Interest expense
 net
    
    
8
425
    
    
    
11
504
    
    
    
    
    

Income before income tax (benefit)
    expense
    
    
67
582
    
    
    
30
478
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(4
449
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
72
031
    
    
    
30
348
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
69
533
    
    
    
30
929
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






segments are shown in the table below:



    
    
Fiscal Years Ended March 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

(In thousands
 except percentage data)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
386
807
    
    
    
314
459
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
516
    
    
    
21
987
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
618
    
    
    
34
088
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
413
941
    
    
    
370
534
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



food segment include powdered formula products for infants
 children and adults
 and prepared food. The increase in net sales of
our nutritional food segment was mainly due to the following factors:



    
    
The sales volume of nutritional food
    products for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015 was 28
342 tons
 as compared to 24
179 tons for the prior fiscal year
 primarily due
    to the successful implementation and positive impact of our Kangaroo program which emphasizes our focus on
    customer     care.




    
    
The average selling price of our
    nutritional food products for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015 was $13
648 per ton
 compared to $13
005 per ton for the
    prior fiscal year. Average selling price is calculated as net sales
 after deducting sales discounts and rebates
 divided by
    sales volume. The increase in average selling price was mainly due to our ability to better control discounts and rebates
    which we provided to offset a portion of the marketing and promotional expenditure incurred at retail outlets
 as     a
    result     of     the     continued     positive     impact of our     Gold     Mining     Strategy.



selling price exclude the amount of free products provided to customers
 which is recorded as&nbsp;cost of sales in the period.



    
    



supplement segment is mainly comprised of external sales of chondroitin sulfate materials to international pharmaceutical companies.
In the quarter ended June 30
 2014
 we temporarily suspending delivery due to the significant increase in prices of raw materials
which led to the volume decrease in fiscal year 2015&rsquo;s net sales. We have successfully renegotiated the selling price
 and
continue to export to pharmaceutical companies afterwards.


included ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers.
The 75% decrease in sales of our other business compared to the prior fiscal year was mainly due to the decreased sales volume
of milk powder.




segments is shown in the table below:





    
Fiscal Years Ended March 31

    

(In thousands
 except percentage data)
    
    
    

    
198
572
158
765
    

    
16
808
24
646
    

    
9
007
33
616
    

    
224
387
217
027
    



of sales of the nutritional food segment was mainly due to increased sales volume.


cost of sales of the nutritional supplement segment was mainly due to the decreased sales volume of chondroitin sulfate to
certain international pharmaceutical companies as discussed above under &ldquo;Net Sales&rdquo;.


sales of our Other business was mainly due to the decreased sales volume of milk powder.



    
    







    
    
Fiscal Years Ended March 31

    
    
    
    

(In thousands
 except percentage data)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
189
554
    
    
    
153
507
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
188
235
    
    
    
155
694
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



from the Nutritional Food segment which has higher margins than the other two segments.





    
    
Fiscal Years Ended March 31

    
    
    
    

(In thousands
 except percentage data)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
57
797
    
    
    
53
710
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
40
027
    
    
    
32
912
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
738
    
    
    
6
055
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
31
289
    
    
    
26
857
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
27
994
    
    
    
25
506
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
845
    
    
    
1
040
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
294
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





expenses primarily include compensation expenses for sales staff
 freight charges and travel expenses. The increase in selling and
distribution expenses was mainly due to the increase in sales staff compensation.


include media expenses paid to TV stations and e-commerce providers. We believe the influence from traditional TV advertising has
diminished recently and as a result we have substantially cut back advertising on TV. Instead
 we have shifted our advertising
focus to e-commerce providers
 mostly for our specialty infant formula products with special nutritional focus
 which was the main
reason for the increase in advertising expenses. Promotion expenses primarily include promotional products provided to end customers
and service charges for our consumer loyalty program administered by a third party. Based on our brand positioning
 we believe
direct communication with end customers is a more cost effective way to market our products compared to mass media advertising.
As a result
 we now allocate more resources to such promotional activities. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014
 a local government
provided a subsidy of $4.7 million which was recorded as deduction of promotion expenses
 as the subsidy was required to be for
promotion expense purposes. Promotion expenses remained stable after the deduction in fiscal year 2014.


expenses primarily include salaries for staff&nbsp;and management
 depreciation
 office rental
 office supplies and bad debt expense.
The increase was mainly due to less reversal of bad debt expense along with the collection of certain long_aging receivables in
fiscal year 2015.


2015
 the Company recognized an impairment charge on the prepared food equipment assets of Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
Ltd. (&ldquo;Huiliduo&rdquo;) of $4.7 million as well as on the Huilido brand of $0.3 million
 as a result of the
continuous operating losses
 slow market development and expected higher promotion expenditures to achieve meaningful sales.
In addition
 during the Company's annual impairment testing of indefinite lived intangible assets
 the impairment loss of
$0.8 million was recognized for the Ausmeadow brand
 a minor brand  under the powdered formula business of our
nutritional food segment which was acquired in 2012 at $1.2 million and which represented 0.30% and 0.25% of Powdered Formula
sales in fiscal 2014 and 2015
 respectively
 due to a  lower business operating performance than the Company's previous
expected. The impairment charge of $1.0 million in fiscal year 2014 related to our prepared food as a result of an
operating loss and negative operating cash flow. No impairment charges were recognized during the fiscal year ended March 31
2013.


represented gain on the disposal of Zhangjiakou to a third party of $15.0 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2015
 and of Beijing
Huiliduo to a third party of $0.3 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2015. The $0.4 million gain on disposal of subsidiaries
in fiscal year 2014 represented gain on the share transfer of a diagnostic subsidiary to a third party.


    
    








    
    
Fiscal Years Ended March 31

    
    
    
    

(In thousands
 except percentage data)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
033
    
    
    
16
162
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
608
    
    
    
4
658
    
    
    
    
    



interest expense was mainly due to decreased average interest rates
 and a $1.8 million interest expense capitalized for the
French Project in  fiscal year 2015
 partially offset by an increase in loan balances
 and an increase in bank charges for
opening standby letters of credit.


income was mainly due to an increase in average restricted cash balance
 which&nbsp;earned a&nbsp;higher interest rate than cash
and cash equivalents.




fiscal year 2015 of $4.4 million was composed of the current income tax expense of $7.1 million
 the change in net deferred tax
assets from prior years of $11.3 million and the release of uncertain tax benefit of $0.2 million. As of March 31
 2014
 full
valuation allowance was recorded for the deferred tax assets due to the uncertainties of the further taxable income. In
consideration of the major subsidiary's continuous operating income (such as Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.) and the
level of projections for future taxable income
 the Company determined it was more likely than not that the deferred tax
assets of $12.6 million would be utilized as such a tax benefit of $12.6 million resulted from the deferred tax assets being
recognized as of March 31
 2015. Furthermore in fiscal year 2015
 Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. was able to utilize
a net operating loss carryforward of approximately $7.6 million.

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling
Interest


(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest represents the interest held by third parties in Meitek Technology (Qingdao)
Co.
 Ltd.
 and in Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.
 a 65% owned subsidiary incorporated in fiscal year 2015. The
increase of net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest was mainly contributed by the better financial
performance of Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common
Stockholders


net income attributable to common stockholders was $69.8 million for fiscal year 2015
 compared to a net income attributable to
common stockholders of $30.9 million for fiscal year 2014.


    
    





Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2014 Compared
to Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2013


comparative results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013:



    
    
Fiscal Years Ended March 31

    
    
    
    

(In thousands
 except per share data)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
370
534
    
    
    
265
770
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
314
459
    
    
    
224
773
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
217
027
    
    
    
171
211
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
158
765
    
    
    
125
386
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
153
507
    
    
    
94
559
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
155
694
    
    
    
99
387
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
41
630
    
    
    
(14
000
    
    
    
    
    

Interest expense
 net
    
    
11
504
    
    
    
12
692
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
30
478
    
    
    
(27
035
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
37
186
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
30
348
    
    
    
(64
221
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
30
929
    
    
    
(63
888
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






segments are shown in the table below:



    
    
Fiscal Years Ended March 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

(In thousands
 except percentage data)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
314
459
    
    
    
224
773
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
987
    
    
    
6
836
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
34
088
    
    
    
34
161
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
370
534
    
    
    
265
770
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



food segment include powdered formula products for infants
 children and adults
 and prepared food. The increase in net sales of
our nutritional food products was mainly due to the following factors:



    
    
Sales volume of powdered formula products for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 was 24
179 tons
 as compared to 20
563 tons for the prior fiscal year
 due primarily to the reduced purchase by distributors in the fiscal year 2013 as the sales channel continued to utilize the products sold prior to the retail price increase on April 1
 2012
 and the positive impact of the Goldmining Strategy in fiscal year 2014.

    
    
    



    
                                              
    
The average selling price of our powdered formula products for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 was $13
005 per ton
 compared to $10
931 per ton for the prior fiscal year. Average selling price is calculated as net sales
 after deducting sales discounts and rebates
 divided by sales volume. We provided sales discounts and rebates to offset part of the marketing and promotional expenditures incurred at retail outlets. The increase in average selling price was mainly due to our ability to better control discounts as a result of the continued positive impacts of our Gold Mining Strategy
 and more high premium products sold during the period
 such as formulas for infants with caesarean birth or special nutritional needs.



selling price exclude the amount of free products provided to customers
 which is recorded as&nbsp;cost of sales in the period.


    
    






supplement segment is comprised of external sales of chondroitin sulfate to third parties. Our sales of&nbsp;chondroitin sulfate
materials to certain international pharmaceutical companies increased significantly in fiscal year 2014. However
 as the price
of these materials is negotiated yearly with the customers and the price of raw material has been increasing in a short time frame
we incurred gross loss on our chondroitin sulfate sales.


included sales of milk powder of $18.6 million and whey powder of $10.4 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014. Our Other
business mainly included sales of milk powder of $21.5 million and whey powder of $8.8 million for the fiscal year ended March
31
 2013.




segments is shown in the table below:



    
    
Fiscal Years Ended March 31

    
    
    
    

(In thousands
 except percentage data)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
158
765
    
    
    
125
386
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
24
646
    
    
    
9
646
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
33
616
    
    
    
36
179
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
217
027
    
    
    
171
211
    
    
    
    
    



of sales of the nutritional food segment was mainly due to the increase in sales volume and the increased cost of milk powder and
whey powder.&nbsp;


of sales of nutritional supplement segment was mainly due to increased sales volume of chondroitin sulfate to certain international
pharmaceutical companies
 and increased raw material price as discussed above.


included cost of milk powder of $18.0 million and whey powder of $10.1 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014
 and cost
of milk powder of $23.0 million and whey powder of $7.6 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013.


    
    








    
    
Fiscal Years Ended March 31

    
    
    
    

(In thousands
 except percentage data)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
153
507
    
    
    
94
559
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
155
694
    
    
    
99
387
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



margin was mainly due to the margin increase in the nutritional food segment. The increase in gross margin of the nutritional food
segment was mainly due to increased average selling price from the continued positive impact of our Goldmining Strategy
 partially
offset by the increase in raw material price.





    
    
Fiscal Years Ended March 31

    
    
    
    

(In thousands
 except percentage data)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
53
710
    
    
    
51
005
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
32
912
    
    
    
35
176
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
055
    
    
    
11
928
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
26
857
    
    
    
23
248
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
506
    
    
    
30
220
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
040
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
625
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
217
    
    
    
    
    




expenses primarily include compensation expense for sales staff
 freight charges and travel expense. The increase in selling and
distribution expenses was mainly due to the increase in sales staff compensation.


primarily include media expenses paid to TV stations and e-commerce providers. Advertising expenses decreased as we believe
the influence from traditional TV advertising has diminished recently and as a result we have substantially cut back
advertising on TV stations. Instead
 we have shifted our advertising focus to e-commerce providers
 mostly for our specialty
infant formula products with special nutritional focus. Promotion expenses primarily include promotional products provided to
end customers
 and service charge for our consumer loyalty program administered by a third party. Based on our brand
positioning
 we believe direct communication with end customers is a more cost effective way to market our product compared
to mass media advertising. As a result
 we now allocate more resources to such promotional activities. Effective from January
1
 2013
 we provided promotional gifts instead of our powdered formula products to end customers for the consumer loyalty
program
 which also contributed to the increase in promotion expenses. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014
 local
government provided a subsidy of $4.7 million which was recorded as deduction of promotion expenses
 as the subsidy was
required to be for promotion expense purpose.


expenses primarily include salaries for staff&nbsp;and management
 depreciation
 office rental
 office supplies and bad debt expense.
The decrease was mainly due to the reversal in bad debt expense as we put more efforts into chasing the long aging receivables
partially offset by the increase in management and staff compensation.


assets represented impairment loss of $1.0 million for equipments in the nutritional food segment.


represented gain on the share transfer of a diagnostic subsidiary to a third party of $367
000 in fiscal year 2014
 and net&nbsp;foreign
currency translation gains of $3.1 million reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income as a result of the liquidation
and disposal of certain subsidiaries in fiscal year 2013
 none of which had significant ongoing operations.


the receipt of general purpose subsidies from local governments.


    
    








    
    
Fiscal Years Ended March 31

    
    
    
    

(In thousands
 except percentage data)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
162
    
    
    
15
018
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
658
    
    
    
2
326
    
    
    
    
    



interest expense was mainly due to an increase in average borrowing balance
 partially offset by a decreased average interest
rate as we received more U.S. dollar financing via our Hong Kong subsidiary which has a lower interest rate base than
financing in mainland China.


income was mainly due to an increase in average restricted cash balance
 which&nbsp;earned a&nbsp;higher interest rate than cash
and cash equivalents.




valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets in fiscal year 2013. In fiscal year 2014
 we recognized the tax benefits relating
to the reversal of the valuation allowance
 and recognized it as a reduction of income tax expense only to the extent of current
year income tax expense
 considering the volatility associated with our historical performance
 including significant losses in
recent years and specific risks associated with the powdered formula industry in China.

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling
Interest


to noncontrolling interest represents the interest held by third parties in Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common
Stockholders


net income attributable to common stockholders was $30.9 million for fiscal year 2014
 compared to a net loss attributable to common
stockholders of $63.9 million for fiscal year 2013.


    
    








of liquidity are cash on hand
 cash from operations and available borrowings. Cash flows from operating activities represent
the inflow of cash from our customers and the outflow of cash for inventory purchases
 manufacturing
 operating expenses
interest and taxes. Cash flows used in investing activities primarily represent capital expenditures for equipment and
buildings
 and restricted cash used as security against letter of credits
 bank acceptance bills and short-term and long-term
borrowings. Cash flows from financing activities primarily represent proceeds and repayments of borrowings. In addition
while there can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance our short-term ban borrowings as they become due
historically
 we have renewed or rolled over most of our bank loans after the maturity date of the loans and we believe we
will continue to be able to do so.


totaled $85.2 million at March 31
 2015
 of which $81.0 million was held outside of the United States.


 2012
 the
Company entered into a partnership framework agreement
 a milk supply agreement
 a whey supply agreement
 a whey powder supply
agreement
 and a technical assistance agreement with Sodiaal Union
 a French agricultural cooperative company (&ldquo;Sodiaal&rdquo;)
and/or Euroserum SAS (&ldquo;Euroserum&rdquo;)
 a French subsidiary of Sodiaal
 relating to a long-term industrial and commercial
partnership between Sodiaal and the Company. Under these agreements
 the Company undertakes to build a new drying facility (the
&ldquo;French Project&rdquo;) in Carhaix
 France
 intended to manufacture powdered milk and fat-enriched demineralized whey. The
Company committed to purchase
 and Sodiaal and Euroserum committed to sell
 288 million liters of milk per year for ten years
an amount of whey equivalent to 24
000 tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated dry whey extract per year for ten years
 and
6
000 tons of 70% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey
 for ten years
 at market based
prices at the time of purchase
 to satisfy the production needs of the new drying facility. If the Company purchases less than
the agreed amount
 the Company would compensate Sodiaal or Euroserum for the loss suffered. The Company has decided to add 60
000
tons of packaging and warehousing capacity for powdered formula products to the French Project. As a result
 the updated estimated
costs to build the facility is approximately &euro;161.0 million.



 2015
 approximate &euro;79.9
million under the total budget of &euro;161.0 million was already invested
 and the remaining capital expenditure was expected
to be &euro;81.1 million. The Company has entered into a long-term project financing of &euro;53.0 million which was unused as
of March 31
 2015 and the Company started to utilize this financing in April 2015 to pay for capital expenditures. In addition
the Company plans to finance&nbsp;the remaining part of the project&nbsp;with the combination of cash on hand
 future operating
cash flows and other bank borrowings as needed.



French Project include:



    
    
on March 20
 2013
 the Company received the required approvals from China's National Development and Reform Commission and Ministry of Commerce for the project;




    
    
in September 2013
 the Company received the construction permit for the project from the&nbsp;municipal government of Carhaix;




    
    
after we were informed that the environmental impact study resulted in a positive opinion in March 2014
 we obtained the formal approval of the environmental impact study in July 2014
 which is the last major government approval we need during the construction phase; and




    
    
we are installing equipments in the pretreatment workshop (Building A) and in the milk collection workshop (Building F)
 and we are working on the walls of drying workshop (Building B)
 the walls of dry-mixing workshop (Building C)
 the floor of stereoscopic warehouse (Building D)
 the walls of energy/maintenance workshop (Building E) and the foundation of testing center and office building (Building P and R); and




    
    
we expect to begin trial operations of the drying towers in the fourth quarter of calendar 2015
 with formal operations beginning in the first quarter of 2016
 at which time trial operations will begin in the mixing and packaging facility.&nbsp;&nbsp;Once we receive certification from the Chinese FDA
 we plan to start importing our 100% French-produced infant formula into the Chinese market
 which we expected to be
 in the second quarter of calendar year 2016.




    
    






forth
 for the periods indicated
 certain information relating to our cash flows:



    
    
Fiscal Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
72
031
    
    
    
30
348
    
    
    
(64
221
    

    
    
    
15
210
    
    
    
15
356
    
    
    
14
976
    

    
    
    
(2
179
    
    
    
(3
193
    
    
    
2
423
    

    
    
    
9
682
    
    
    
6
487
    
    
    
12
452
    

    
    
    
(11
300)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
550
    

    
    
    
(15
294
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
625
    

    
    
    
5
845
    
    
    
1
040
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(10
641
    
    
    
(3
481
    
    
    
(4
636
    

    
    
    
62
529
    
    
    
46
225
    
    
    
(5
744
    

    
    
    
(123
306
    
    
    
(86
699
    
    
    
(70
012
    

    
    
    
57
192
    
    
    
50
772
    
    
    
89
546
    

    
    
    
(2
159
    
    
    
1
567
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
(5
744
    
    
    
11
865
    
    
    
14
257
    





operating activities was a result of the net income incurred of $72.6 million
 as adjusted for non-cash expense and income items
of $0.4 million
 and an increase in working capital of $9.7 million for fiscal year 2015. In fiscal year 2015
 we spent $307.5
million to purchase raw materials and other production materials
 $45.1 million in staff compensation and social welfare
 $52.2
million in taxes
 $84.2 million in operating expenses
 $15.0 million in interest
 $1.9 million in land lease
 received $564.6 million
from our customers
 and $3.8 million from interest payments.


operating activities was a result of the net income incurred of $30.3 million
 as adjusted for non-cash expense and income items
of $19.4 million
 and an increase in working capital of $3.5 million for fiscal year 2014. In fiscal year 2014
 we spent $302.4
million to purchase raw materials and other production materials
 $45.5 million in staff compensation and social welfare
 $41.3
million in taxes
 $71.6 million in operating expenses
 $17.3 million in interest
 $3.2 million in land lease
 received $518.3 million
from our customers
 $5.1 from government subsidies
 and $4.2 million from interest payments.


activities was a result of the net loss incurred of $64.2 million
 as adjusted for non-cash expense and income items of $63.1 million
and an increase in working capital of $4.6 million for fiscal year 2013. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014
 we spent $270.1
million to purchase raw materials and other production materials
 $48.7 million in staff compensation and social welfare
 $30.8
million in taxes
 $57.5 million in operating expenses
 $13.2 million in interest
&nbsp;received $410.7 million from our customers
and received a $3.9 million subsidy from the local government.



    
    








activities in fiscal year 2015 mainly represents $89.3 million payment for purchase of property
 plant and equipment
 $22.4 million
inflow from disposal of subsidiaries
 and $56.8 million outflow for restricted cash deposited with banks as security against the
issuance of letters of credit and bank acceptance bills
 and as pledges for certain short-term and long-term borrowings.


investing activities in fiscal year 2014 mainly represents $29.6 million payment for purchase of property
 plant and
equipment
 and $57.9 million outflow for restricte cash deposited with banks as security against the issuance of letters of
credit and bank acceptance bills
 and as pledges for certain short-term and long-term borrowings.


activities in fiscal year 2013 represents $16.1 million payment for purchase of property
 plant and equipment
 $56.5 million outflow
for restricted cash deposited with banks as security against the issuance of letters of credit for the import of raw materials
and as pledges for certain short-term and long-term borrowings
 $1.6 million in&nbsp;proceeds from disposed assets
 and $1.0 million
proceeds from disposal of&nbsp;certain PRC subsidiaries.




activities in fiscal year 2015 mainly represents net cash inflow of $29.7 million from short-term loans and net cash inflow of
$28.1 million from long-term loans
 and&nbsp;$0.7 million payment for assets under capital leases.


activities in fiscal year 2014 mainly represents net cash outflow of $13.4 million from short-term loans and net cash inflow of
$65.0 million from long-term loans
 and&nbsp;$0.8 million payment for assets under capital leases.


activities in fiscal year 2013 mainly represents net cash inflow of $40.2 million from short-term loans and net cash inflow of
$50.8 million from long-term loans
&nbsp;$1.0 million payment for assets under capital leases and $0.4 million payment to holders
of non-controlling interest.



    
    





short-term and long-term borrowings
 see &ldquo;Item 8.&nbsp;&nbsp;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data &ndash; Note 11
to Consolidated Financial Statements.&rdquo;




forth our contractual obligations as of March 31
 2015.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
More
                                   than
5
                                   years
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
293
685
    
    
    
140
327
    
    
    
125
000
    
    
    
28
358
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
931
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
246
    
    
    
1
246
    
    
    
15
816
    

    
    
    
55
990
    
    
    
1
820
    
    
    
3
436
    
    
    
3
436
    
    
    
47
298
    

    
    
    
30
528
    
    
    
30
528
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
82
774
    
    
    
82
774
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
481
908
    
    
    
256
072
    
    
    
129
682
    
    
    
33
040
    
    
    
63
114
    


in EUR


Liquidity and Capital Resources &ndash; Overview
 we are building a new drying facility in Carhaix
 France
 to manufacture
powdered milk and fat-enriched demineralized whey. The above table only includes capital expenditures of signed contracts. We
committed to purchase
 and Sodiaal and Euroserum have committed to sell
 288 million liters of milk per year for ten years
an amount of whey equivalent to 24
000 tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated dry whey extract per year for ten years
and 6
000 tons of 70% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey
 for ten years
 at market
based prices at the time of purchase
 to satisfy the production needs of the new drying facility. As the price of raw milk
and whey in the next ten years cannot be predicted
 the raw material purchase commitment of the new drying
facility was not included in the table above.


debt-related interest based on the interest rate as of March 31
 2015.




capital expenditures were $96.7 million and the corresponding cash outflow was $89.3 million for the fiscal year ended March
31
 2015
 which mainly represented expenditure for the French Project. 




sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in
financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to investors.




the FASB issued a new pronouncement which amends to change the criteria for reporting discontinued operations while
enhancing disclosures in this area. It also addresses sources of confusion and inconsistent application related to financial
reporting of discontinued operations guidance in U.S. GAAP. Under the new guidance
 only disposalsrepresenting a strategic
shift in operations should be presented as discontinued operations. Those strategic shifts should have a major effect on
the organization&rsquo;s operations and financial results. Examples include a disposal of a major geographic area
 a major
line of business
 or a major equity method investment. In addition
 the new guidance requires expanded disclosures
about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement users with more information about the assets
liabilities
 income
 and expenses of discontinued operations. The new guidance also requires disclosure of the pre-tax income
attributable to a disposal of a significant part of an organization that does not qualify for discontinued operations
reporting. This disclosure will provide users with information about the ongoing trends in a reporting organization&rsquo;s
results from continuing operations. The amendments in the ASU are effective in the first quarter of 2015 for public
organizations with calendar year ends. Early adoption is permitted. The company has decided to early adopt this guidance in
the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015.


 the FASB
issued a new pronouncement which affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to
transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within
the scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition
requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost
guidance included in Subtopic 605-35
 Revenue Recognition&mdash;Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. In addition
the existing requirements for the recognition of a gain or loss on the transfer of nonfinancial assets that are not in a
contract with a customer (e.g.
 assets within the scope of Topic 360
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 and intangible assets
within the scope of Topic 350
 Intangibles&mdash;Goodwill and Other) are amended to be consistent with the guidance on
recognition and measurement (including the constraint on revenue) in this ASU.


guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve
that core principle
 an entity should apply the following steps:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    



entity
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including
interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The FASB has tentatively decided to (1)
defer for one year the effective date for both public and nonpublic entities and (2) permit entities to early adopt the
standard as of the original effective date.


amendments in this ASU using one of the following two methods:


period presented and the entity may elect any of the following practical expedients:



    
    
For completed contracts
 an entity need not restate contracts that begin and end within the same annual reporting period.




    
    
For completed contracts that have variable consideration
 an entity may use the transaction price at the date the contract was completed rather than estimating variable consideration amounts in the comparative reporting periods.




    
    
For all reporting periods presented before the date of initial application
 an entity need not disclose the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations and an explanation of when the entity expects to recognize that amount as revenue.



of initially applying this ASU recognized at the date of initial application. If an entity elects this transition method it also
should provide the additional disclosures in reporting periods that include the date of initial application of:



    
    
    




    
    
    



of evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements upon adoption.



    
    



ITEM 7A.&nbsp;&nbsp;QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


is to mitigate potential income statement
 cash flow and fair value exposures resulting from possible future adverse fluctuations
in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. We evaluate our exposure to market risk by assessing the anticipated near-term and
long-term fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. This evaluation includes the review of leading market indicators
discussions with financial analysts and banks regarding current and future economic conditions and the review of market projections.




and expenses are denominated in RMB currently
 while a substantial portion of our raw material purchase prices and short-term and
long term borrowings are denominated in USD. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in Renminbi other than
the functional currency results in gains and losses that are reflected in our Consolidated Statement of Income. Our operations
are subject to risks typical of international business
 including
 but not limited to
 differing economic conditions
 changes in
political climate
 differing tax structures
 other regulations and restrictions
 and foreign exchange rate volatility.


against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by
 among other things
 changes in China&rsquo;s political and economic
conditions. Since July 2005
 the Renminbi has no longer been pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the PBOC regularly intervenes
in the foreign exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate
 the Renminbi may appreciate
or depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover
 it is possible that in the future
PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations in the Renminbi exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange
market.&nbsp;Under relevant PRC regulations
 we are required to convert the foreign currencies we receive into Renminbi within
specified time periods and prior to disbursement. Considering the RMB balance of our cash and cash equivalents as of March 31
2015
 which amounted to $73.8 million
 a 1.0% change in the exchange rates between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar would result
in an increase or decrease of approximately $0.7 million of the balance.


and loans of Synutra France are denominated in Euro. The value of EUR against USD changes from time to time
 which results in gains
and losses that are reflected in our Consolidated Statement of Income. The appreciation or depreciation in the value of EUR relative
to USD would affect our financial position and results reported in USD terms without giving effect to any underlying change in
our business or results of operations. Considering the EUR balance of our bank borrowing equivalents as of March 31
 2015
 which
amounted to $27.6 million
 a 1.0% change in the exchange rates between the EUR and the U.S. dollar would result in an increase
or decrease of approximately $0.3 million of the balance.


a new facility in France to manufacture powdered milk and fat-enriched demineralized whey
 and to source the raw material for this new facility we have already entered into certain long term cooperation
agreements
 which are dominated in EUR. The appreciation or depreciation
in the value of EUR relative to USD would affect our financial position and results reported in USD terms without giving effect
to any underlying change in our business or results of operations.


 we have not entered
into any hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk as very limited hedging transactions
are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the
future
 the availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited
 and we may not be able to successfully hedge our
exposure at all. In addition
 our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict
our ability to convert Renminbi into foreign currencies.


are expressed in U.S. dollars
 but most of our subsidiaries use currencies other than U.S. dollars
 like Renminbi and EUR
 as their
own functional currency. The value of your investment in our ADSs will be affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars
and Renminbi and EUR. To the extent we hold assets denominated in U.S. dollars
 any appreciation of the Renminbi and EUR against
the U.S. dollar could result in a change to our statement of operations. On the other hand
 a decline in the value of Renminbi
and EUR against the U.S. dollar could reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent amounts of our financial results
 the value of your investment
in our company and the dividends we may pay in the future
 if any
 all of which may have a material adverse effect on the prices
of our ADSs.




such as increases in the cost of our products and overhead costs
 could impair our operating results. Although we do not believe
that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date
 a high rate of inflation in
the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and selling
 general and administrative
expenses as a percentage of sales revenue if the selling prices of our products do not increase with these increased costs.




rate primarily relates to interest expense incurred on our short-term and long-term borrowings. Most of our borrowings are bearing
the floating interest rates which are subject to periodical adjustment. We did not experience any material changes in interest
rate exposures during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015. We currently do not use interest rate swaps to manage exposure to interest
rate changes.




of credit risk consisting primarily of accounts receivable. We perform ongoing credit evaluations with respect to the financial
condition of our debtors
 but do not require collateral. In order to determine the value of our accounts receivable
 we record
a provision for doubtful accounts to cover probable credit losses. Our management reviews and adjusts this allowance periodically
based on historical experience and its evaluation of the collectability of outstanding accounts receivable.




whey powder are the principal raw materials in the Company&rsquo;s business
 accounting for approximately 65% of the Company&rsquo;s
production costs. As such
 the Company is exposed to the fluctuations in the price of milk powder and whey powder. During the past
two fiscal years
 the rise and fall in the prices of these commodities have affected the Company&rsquo;s business operations and
profitability. A significant rise in the prices of these raw materials will adversely affect the gross margin of the Company&rsquo;s
powdered formula products.


    
    





ITEM 8.&nbsp;&nbsp;FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA






    
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2015 and 2014
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Equity for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
    

    
    

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements
    

    
    

Schedule
    I &ndash; Financial Information of Parent Company
    

    
    

Schedule
    II &ndash; Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
    




    
    




REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM


BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS OF


INTERNATIONAL
 INC.:


consolidated balance sheets of Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries and variable interest entity (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
as of March&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2015
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 changes
in equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March&nbsp;31
 2015. Our audits also included the financial
statement schedule included in Schedule I and Schedule II. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the
responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial
statement schedules based on our audits.


in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 such
consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Synutra International
 Inc.
and its subsidiaries and variable interest entity as of March&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 2015
 and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March&nbsp;31
 2015
 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Also
 in our opinion
 such financial statement schedules
 when considered in
relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 present fairly
 in all material respects
 the information
set forth therein.


in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2015

Framework (2013)
2015 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;



    



        PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS LLP
        

Shanghai
 China

    


 2015


    
    




SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.&nbsp;

(Dollars and
shares in thousands
 except per share data)



    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
85
171
    
    
    
90
915
    

    
    
    
145
906
    
    
    
67
211
    

Accounts receivable
 net of allowance of $1
824 and $2
851
 respectively
    
    
15
405
    
    
    
17
763
    

    
    
    
87
754
    
    
    
83
986
    

    
    
    
2
629
    
    
    
3
109
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
726
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
267
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
27
012
    
    
    
22
028
    



    
    
    
382
870
    
    
    
285
256
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Property
 plant and equipment
 net
    
    
187
085
    
    
    
145
833
    

Land use rights
 net
    
    
8
657
    
    
    
10
957
    

Intangible assets
 net
    
    
2
588
    
    
    
4
270
    

    
    
    
78
799
    
    
    
100
533
    

    
    
    
2
139
    
    
    
2
355
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
449
    
    
    
1
479
    

    
    
    
664
885
    
    
    
550
683
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
145
639
    
    
    
115
917
    

    
    
    
130
426
    
    
    
91
505
    

    
    
    
47
764
    
    
    
39
616
    

    
    
    
1
233
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
556
    

    
    
    
14
844
    
    
    
15
692
    

    
    
    
46
790
    
    
    
45
980
    

    
    
    
386
826
    
    
    
310
266
    

    
    
    
144
627
    
    
    
160
533
    

    
    
    
3
816
    
    
    
4
247
    

    
    
    
7
806
    
    
    
7
898
    

    
    
    
7
241
    
    
    
6
483
    

    
    
    
550
316
    
    
    
489
427
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock
 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized; 57
301 and 57
301 issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
135
440
    
    
    
135
440
    

    
    
    
(35
046
    
    
    
(104
579
    

    
    
    
11
526
    
    
    
30
529
    

    
    
    
111
926
    
    
    
61
396
    

    
    
    
2
643
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
114
569
    
    
    
61
256
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
664
885
    
    
    
550
683
    



of the consolidated financial statements.



    
    



SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.


&nbsp;(Dollars
in thousands
 except per share data)



    
    
Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
413
941
    
    
    
370
534
    
    
    
265
770
    

    
    
    
5
220
    
    
    
2
329
    
    
    
3
538
    

    
    
    
224
387
    
    
    
217
027
    
    
    
171
211
    

    
    
    
189
554
    
    
    
153
507
    
    
    
94
559
    

    
    
    
57
797
    
    
    
53
710
    
    
    
51
005
    

    
    
    
40
027
    
    
    
32
912
    
    
    
35
176
    

    
    
    
27
994
    
    
    
25
506
    
    
    
30
220
    

    
    
    
5
845
    
    
    
1
040
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
294
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
625
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
217
    

    
    
    
73
740
    
    
    
41
630
    
    
    
(14
000
    

    
    
    
16
033
    
    
    
16
162
    
    
    
15
018
    

    
    
    
7
608
    
    
    
4
658
    
    
    
2
326
    

Other income (expense)
 net
    
    
2
267
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
67
582
    
    
    
30
478
    
    
    
(27
035
    

    
    
    
(4
449
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
37
186
    

    
    
    
72
031
    
    
    
30
348
    
    
    
(64
221
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
498
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
69
533
    
    
    
30
929
    
    
    
(63
888
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



of the consolidated financial statements.



    
    



SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS)
(Dollars in
thousands)



    
Year Ended March 31


    
    
    
    

    
72
031
30
348
(64
221


 net of tax
    
    
    

    
(11
991
1
701
    

    
(7
011
    
(3
141

    
(19
002
1
701
(3
375

    
53
029
32
049
(67
596

    
2
499
    
    

    
50
530
32
630
(67
261



of the consolidated financial statements.



    
    




SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.

(Dollars
and shares in thousands)



    
    
Synutra International
 Inc. Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 March 31
 2012
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
135
440
    
    
    
(71
620
    
    
    
32
201
    
    
    
1
065
    
    
    
97
092
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(63
888
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(64
221
    

Other comprehensive loss
 net of tax of nil
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
373
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
375
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 March 31
 2013
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
135
440
    
    
    
(135
508
    
    
    
28
828
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
29
207
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
30
929
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
30
348
    

Other comprehensive income
 net of tax of nil
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
701
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
701
    

Balance
 March 31
 2014
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
135
440
    
    
    
(104
579
    
    
    
30
529
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
61
256
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
69
533
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
498
    
    
    
72
031
    

Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(19
003
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(19
002
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 March 31
 2015
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
135
440
    
    
    
(35
046
    
    
    
11
526
    
    
    
2
643
    
    
    
114
569
    



of the consolidated financial statements.




    
    


SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.

(Dollars in
thousands)



    
    
Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
72
031
    
    
    
30
348
    
    
    
(64
221
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
210
    
    
    
15
356
    
    
    
14
976
    

Bad debt (reversal)
expense
    
    
(2
179
    
    
    
(3
193
    
    
    
2
423
    

    
    
    
9
682
    
    
    
6
487
    
    
    
12
452
    



    
5
845
1
040
    

    
(11
300
    
36
550

    
(15
294
    
(3
625

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
16
045
6
698

    
(18
219
(1
243
(24
476

    
    
    
9
604

    
    
    
    

    
6
000
(2
963
(4
943

    
8
540
(8
729
(16
075

    
(1
426
    
    

    
    
2
488
6
954

    
(1
671
    
    

    
(1
661
(7
753
11
979

    
    
    
6
415

    
62
529
46
225
(5
744

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 plant and equipment
(89
344
(29
582
(16
115

    
(56
753
(57
861
(56
450

    
    
    
1
565

    
22
411
    
    

    
(123
306
(86
699
(70
012

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
212
911
181
315
309
115

    
(183
175
(194
730
(268
901

    
167
502
176
919
111
208

    
(139
364
(111
890
(60
446

    
    
    
(1
044

    
    
    
    

    
57
192
50
772
89
546

    
    
    
    

    
(2
159
1
567
    

    
    
    
    

    
(5
744
11
865
14
257


 beginning of year
90
915
79
050
64
793


 end of year
85
171
90
915
79
050

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



Interest paid
 net of capitalized interest of $1.8 million
 nil and nil
 respectively
    
    
13
163
    
    
    
17
323
    
    
    
12
779
    

    
    
    
5
686
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Purchase of property
 plant and equipment included in accounts payable
    
    
9
474
    
    
    
5
442
    
    
    
6
640
    

    
    
    
6
726
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



of the consolidated financial statements.


    
    



SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.



ORGANIZATION
AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES



 Inc.
and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Synutra&rdquo;) are principally
engaged in production
 distribution and sales of dairy based nutritional products under the &ldquo;Shengyuan&rdquo; or &ldquo;Synutra&rdquo;
line of brands in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (&ldquo;China&rdquo; or &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;). The Company focuses on selling
powdered formula products for infant and adult
 and also engages in other nutritional product offerings
 such as certain nutritional
supplement.


SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES



Basis
of presentation



statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;). The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will
continue as a going concern. Under that assumption
 it is expected that assets will be realized and liabilities will be satisfied
in the normal course of business.


Basis
of consolidation



statements include the financial statements of Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries
 its consolidated variable interest
entity
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. (the variable interest entity
 or &quot;VIE&quot;)
 in which it has
a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is typically determined when a company holds a majority of the
voting equity interest in an entity. US GAAP provides guidance on the identification and financial reporting for entities over
which control is achieved through means other than voting interests
 which requires certain VIEs to be consolidated by the primary
beneficiary of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest
or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support
from other parties.&nbsp;&nbsp;Through the contractual arrangements between the Company and the VIE
 the Company controls the operating
activities and holds all the beneficial interests of the VIE and has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE.
The Company has concluded that such contractual arrangements are legally enforceable. The operations associated with the consolidated
VIE are insignificant and the consolidated VIE holds de minimis assets and liabilities.


    
    



subsidiary is attributed to the Company and to the noncontrolling interests on the basis of relative ownership interest. Noncontrolling
interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Company's equity therein.




Use
of estimates



statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
may differ from those estimates.&nbsp;&nbsp;Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial
statements include allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory valuation
 accrued consumer loyalty program obligations
 the useful
lives of and impairment for property and equipment
 impairment of indefinite lived intangible assets
 and valuation allowance for
deferred tax assets.


Cash
and cash equivalents



consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use
 and which have original maturities
of three months or less when purchased.


Restricted
cash



demand deposits used as security against letter of credits
 bank acceptance bills and short-term and long-term borrowings.


Accounts
receivable



recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectable amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts
is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. The Company performs risk assessments for each customer
 and
provides a specific allowance for those deemed to have high risk of collectability. The Company also records provision for other
customers without specific risks by reviewing the aging of the receivables.






the lower of cost or market. Cost is calculated on the weighted-average basis and includes all costs to acquire and other costs
incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. The Company evaluates the market for its inventories
on a regular basis and records a provision for loss to reduce the computed weighted-average cost if it exceeds market. Potential
losses from obsolete and slow-moving inventories are recorded when identified.


Property
plant and equipment
 net



 plant and equipment
are carried at cost. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized.


or disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gains or losses are included
in income in the year of disposition.


on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets or
 when applicable
 the life of the lease
 whichever is
shorter. The useful lives for property
 plant and equipment are as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    

    
    







capital or operating leases. A lease that transfers to the lessee substantially all the benefits and risks incidental to ownership
is classified as a capital lease. At inception
 a capital lease is recorded at present value of minimum lease payments or the fair
value of the asset
 whichever is less. Assets under capital leases are amortized on a basis consistent with that of similar fixed
assets or the lease term
 whichever is shorter. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


Construction
in progress



represents direct costs of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction
in progress is transferred to property
 plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets
for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use.


for construction of property
 plant
 and equipment is capitalized as part of the cost of such assets. The Company capitalizes interest
to the extent that expenditures to construct an asset have occurred and interest costs have been incurred. Interest expense capitalized
for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013 was $1.8 million
 nil and nil
 respectively.


Impairment
of long-lived assets



long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable. When these events occur
 the Company measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to
future undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of
the expected undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets
 the Company would recognize an impairment loss
based on the fair value of the assets.


charges on its property
 plant and equipment of $4.7 million
 $1.0 million and nil for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014
and 2013
 respectively. See Note 14
 &ldquo;Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets&quot; for further
details.


    
    





Impairment
of indefinite lived intangible assets



indefinite life are tested for impairment on an annual basis or when current facts or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment
may exist. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the
carrying amount exceeds the fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal in amount to that excess.


annual impairment test for intangible assets with indefinite life on March 31.&nbsp;In fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 $1.1 million
impairment loss was recorded for intangible assets. In fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 no intangible assets were impaired.
See Note 14
 &ldquo;Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets&quot; for further details.


Income
taxes



provided for in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to the Company as enacted by the relevant tax authorities.
Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred taxes are determined based upon differences between
the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at currently enacted statutory tax rates for the years in which
the differences are expected to reverse. Net operating losses are carried forward and credited by applying enacted statutory tax
rates applicable to future years. A valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely
than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually
classified as current and non-current based on the characteristics of the underlying assets and liabilities
 or the expected timing
of their use when they do not relate to a specific asset or liability.


impact of an uncertain income tax position at the largest amount that is more-likely-than not to be sustained upon audit by the
relevant tax authority. Income tax related interest and penalties is classified as income tax expense.


Foreign
currency translation



and reporting currency of Synutra International
 Inc. and Synutra Illinois are United States Dollar (&ldquo;US Dollar&rdquo;).


of the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries are maintained in Renminbi (&ldquo;RMB&rdquo;)
 and the financial records of the
Company&rsquo;s Netherland and French subsidiaries are maintained in Euro (&ldquo;EUR&rdquo;)
 which are their functional
currencies. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date
 equity accounts are
translated at historical exchange rates and revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses are translated using the average rate for
the year. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of
the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).


denominated in currencies other than the&nbsp;functional currencies&nbsp;are translated into&nbsp;functional currencies&nbsp;at
the rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the&nbsp;functional currencies&nbsp;during
the year are converted into the functional currencies&nbsp;at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing on the day transactions
occurred. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in the statement of operations. Transaction gains were $3.2 million
 $1.9
million and $0.8 million for the year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively and are recorded in other income (expense)
net.


    
    






Revenue
recognition



when title and risk and rewards for the products are transferred to the customer
 price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability
is reasonably assured. Most of the Company&rsquo;s nutritional food sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor
arrangement
 evidenced by purchase order
 revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors.
For sales of My Angel series powdered formula products
 which is directly sold to baby stores
 the revenue recognition is similar
to that of distributor sales
 and the revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the baby stores.
For sales of the powdered formula products directly through certain supermarket retailers
 who have a right of return clause
 the
revenue is recognized until the supermarkets have paid the Company. For sales to&nbsp;a limited number of distributors from whom&nbsp;collectability
is not reasonably assured
 revenue is recognized when the Company received payments.


sales are subject to various deductions
 primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers
 which are
reported as a reduction of revenue.The Company provides discounts or rebates to customers in the following ways:



    
    
    




    
    
The Company offers rebates to a few distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives. These sale rebates are typically determined based on a percentage of sales after attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products by the distributors and supermarket retailers. The Company recognized a liability for the sales rebates at the time at which the related revenue is recognized by the Company
 based on the specific terms in each agreement and the expected sales of each distributor or supermarket retailer. 




program administrated by a third party
 the program operator
 to conduct its promotional activities. In connection with a
current revenue transaction of specific products
 the Company offers to the customer award points which can be exchanged for
free products that will be delivered by the program operator
 at a future date at the customer's request. The value of the
award is insignificant in relation to the value of the transactions necessary to earn the awards under other current
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets
 which was amounted to $1.0 million
 $1.9 million and $6.6 million as of March
31
 2015
 2014 and 2013. The Company records a liability for the estimated cost of the award products. The related cost
is recorded under Advertising and promotion expenses in the consolidated statement of operations
 which was amounted to
$3.7 million
 $3.2 million and $2.6 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&nbsp;


    
    





Shipping
and handling costs



are expensed as incurred and included in selling and distribution expenses. The costs were $5.0 million
 $4.6 million and $3.9
million for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


Advertising
and promotion expenses



expenses are expensed as incurred The service charge of the consumer loyalty program administrated by a third party was $3.7 million
$3.2 million and $2.6 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. We reclassified the fiscal
year 2013 figure from selling and distribution expenses to advertising and promotion expenses to ensure comparability.


Government
subsidies



unrestricted cash subsidies from local government agencies. The subsidies are unrestricted as to use and can be utilized by the
Company in any manner it deems appropriate. The Company has utilized
 and expects to continue to utilize
 these subsidies to fund
general operating expenses. The Company records unrestricted cash government subsidies as government subsidies in the consolidated
statements of operations. Unrestricted cash government subsidies received for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and
2013 were $0.6 million
 $0.9 million and $4.2 million
 respectively.&nbsp;Government grants related to assets are recorded as
deferred government subsidies and are recognized as an offset to depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the useful
life of the associated asset. The Group received government grants related to assets of nil
 $0.2 million
 $0.2 million during
the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. During the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014
 the Company received
$4.7 million as subsidy from the government in the form of reimbursements for promotion expenses. The Company has recorded this
subsidy as a deduction of advertising and promotion expenses&nbsp;



Employee&rsquo;s
benefits



are made to the government&rsquo;s health
 retirement benefit and unemployment schemes at the statutory rates in force during the
period
 based on gross salary payments. The cost of these payments is charged to the consolidated statements of operations in the
same period as the related salary cost.


Earnings
(loss) per share



share is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to holders of common stock by the weighted average number of common
stock outstanding during the year.&nbsp;&nbsp;Diluted earnings (loss) per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur
if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock.&nbsp;Common stock equivalents
are excluded from the computation in loss periods and in periods when the average market price of the common stock exceeds the
exercise price of the securities or other contracts to issue common stocks as their effects would be anti-dilutive.


Comprehensive
income (loss)



is defined to include all changes in equity of the Company during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances
except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
 including currency translation adjustment.


Concentration
of credit risk



potentially expose the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
accounts receivable
 due from related parties
 receivable from disposal of subsidiaries
 prepayments
 tax receivables and others
and other assets. All of the Company&rsquo;s cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are held with financial institutions
that the Company believes to be high credit quality.


Noncontrolling
interest



represents the portion of the equity interest in the subsidiaries
 Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd. and Shanghai Precious
Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.
 not directly or indirectly attributable to the Company. The noncontrolling interest reported as equity
in the consolidated financial statements
 it also reported the consolidated net income at amounts that include the amounts attributable
to both the parent and the noncontrolling interest on the face of the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements
of comprehensive income (loss).


    
    





Fair
value measurement



that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded
at fair value
 the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions
that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value measurement guidance provides a fair value
hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring
fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that
is significant to the fair value measurement as follows:


quoted prices in active markets for identical assets that the management has the ability to access at the measurement date.


prices for similar assets in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active
 inputs
other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset (i.e.
 interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived
principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).


inputs to the valuation methodology that reflect management&rsquo;s assumptions about the assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing the asset. The management develops these inputs based on the best information available
 including their own
data.


Financial
Instruments



instruments including cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 other assets
 accounts
payable
 short-term debt
 long-term debt due within one year
 other current liabilities and due to and from related parties
 approximates
their fair value at March 31
 2015 due to the relatively short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of long-term
debt
 capital lease obligations and other long-term liabilities approximates its fair value as their interest rates are at the
same level of the current market yield for comparable loans.


Recently
issued accounting pronouncements



the FASB issued a new pronouncement which amends to change the criteria for reporting discontinued operations while
enhancing disclosures in this area. It also addresses sources of confusion and inconsistent application related to financial
reporting of discontinued operations guidance in U.S. GAAP. Under the new guidance
 only disposals representing a strategic
shift in operations should be presented as discontinued operations. Those strategic shifts should have a major effect on
the organization&rsquo;s operations and financial results. Examples include a disposal of a major geographic area
 a major
line of business
 or a major equity method investment. In addition
 the new guidance requires expanded disclosures
about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement users with more information about the assets
liabilities
 income
 and expenses of discontinued operations. The new guidance also requires disclosure of the pre-tax income
attributable to a disposal of a significant part of an organization that does not qualify for discontinued operations
reporting. This disclosure will provide users with information about the ongoing trends in a reporting organization&rsquo;s
results from continuing operations. The amendments in the ASU are effective in the first quarter of 2015 for public
organizations with calendar year ends. Early adoption is permitted. The company has decided to early adopted this guidance in
the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015


 the FASB issued
a new pronouncement which affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods
or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other
standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic
605
 Revenue Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic
605-35
 Revenue Recognition&mdash;Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. In addition
 the existing requirements for the
recognition of a gain or loss on the transfer of nonfinancial assets that are not in a contract with a customer (e.g.
 assets within
the scope of Topic 360
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 and intangible assets within the scope of Topic 350
 Intangibles&mdash;Goodwill
and Other) are amended to be consistent with the guidance on recognition and measurement (including the constraint on revenue)
in this ASU.


guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve
that core principle
 an entity should apply the following steps:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



 the
amendments in this ASU are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods
within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The FASB has tentatively decided to (1)
defer for one year the effective date for both public and nonpublic entities and (2) permit entities to early adopt the
standard as of the original effective date.


amendments in this ASU using one of the following two methods:


period presented and the entity may elect any of the following practical expedients:



    
    
For completed contracts
 an entity need not restate contracts that begin and end within the same annual reporting period.




    
    
For completed contracts that have variable consideration
 an entity may use the transaction price at the date the contract was completed rather than estimating variable consideration amounts in the comparative reporting periods.




    
    
For all reporting periods presented before the date of initial application
 an entity need not disclose the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations and an explanation of when the entity expects to recognize that amount as revenue.



of initially applying this ASU recognized at the date of initial application. If an entity elects this transition method it also
should provide the additional disclosures in reporting periods that include the date of initial application of:



    
    
    




    
    
    



the impact on its consolidated financial statements upon adoption.



    
    




FAIR
VALUE MEASUREMENTS



forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy
 the Company&rsquo;s assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value on a nonrecurring
basis as of March 31
 2015 and 2014. The Company did not have any items recorded at fair value on a recurring basis subsequent
to initial recognition as of March 31
 2015 and 2014. All these items related to the nutritional food segment.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

March 31
 2015:
    
    
    
    

Property
 Plant and Equipment
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
726
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
119
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

March 31
 2014:
    
    
    
    

Property
 Plant and Equipment
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
605
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
605
    
    
    
1
040
    



there was an other&#8722;than&#8722;temporary impairment of $4.7 million charged against the prepared food equipment assets
of Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Huiliduo&rdquo;)
 $0.3 million related to Huiliduo brand and $0.8 million
related to the Ausmeadow brand. The impairment loss of $1.0 million in fiscal year 2014 was related to the prepared food
equipment assets. The Company has categorized these impairments as a level 3 fair value measurement. See Note 14
&ldquo;Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets&quot; for further details.


DISPOSAL
OF SUBSIDIARIES



 the
Company sold its wholly owned subsidiary in the powdered formula segment
 Zhangjiakou Chahaer Dairy Co.
 Ltd.
(&ldquo;Zhangjiakou&rdquo;) to Rightcom Co.
 Ltd. (the &ldquo;Purchaser&rdquo;) for a total cash consideration of $28.1
million to be paid in three installments. As of June 30
 2014
 the Company has completed all of the closing procedures with
the exception of the re-registration of land use right certificates and has effectively transferred its control on
Zhangjiakou to the Purchaser. The Company considers the re-registration of land use right certificate with the relevant
government bureaus to be administrative in nature. As the result of the sale
 the Company recorded a $15.0 million in gain
($11.9 million after tax)
 which was calculated as the total of the excess of the sale proceeds over the net book value of
the assets transferred of $20.1 million and reclassification of foreign currency translation gain of $7.0 million from Other
Comprehensive Income. The Purchaser made a 20% payment of $5.6 million and a 60% payment of $16.9 million in May and July
2014 respectively. Along with the completion of the re-registration of land use right certificates
 the Company collected the
remaining 20% payment of $5.6 million in May 2015.


 the Company
used Zhangjiakou to process high oil whey power to use in its production of powered formula products. Concurrently with the disposal
the Company has entered into agreements with Zhangjiakou
 under which the Company will continue to engage Zhangjiakou in processing
at least 16
000 tons of whey powder for the Company over the next two years.


 the Company
entered into a share purchase agreement with Beijing Jinkangpu Food Technology Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Jinkangpu&rdquo;) to dispose its
wholly owned subsidiary in the food segment
 Beijing Huiliduo Food Technology Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Beijing Huiliduo&rdquo;) for a
total cash consideration of $1.3 million to be paid in two installments. As of September 30
 2014
 the Company has completed all
of the closing procedures and has effectively transferred its control on Beijing Huiliduo to Jinkangpu. As the result of the sale
the Company recorded a $0.3 million in gain
 which was calculated as the total of the excess of the sale proceeds over the net
book value of the assets transferred of $1.0 million. Jinkangpu made a 19% payment in fiscal year 2015
 with the remaining 81%
payment of $1.1 million to be paid by September 2015.






at March 31
 2015 and 2014 are summarized as follows:



    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
50
578
    
    
    
44
981
    

    
    
    
17
905
    
    
    
12
342
    

    
    
    
19
271
    
    
    
26
663
    

    
    
    
87
754
    
    
    
83
986
    



included in raw materials was $11.9 million and $11.4 million as of March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 which mainly represented
the purchase of milk powder and whey protein from international sources.


of cost or market provisions for inventory of $9.7 million
 $6.5 million and $12.5 million for the years ended March 31
 2015
2014
 and 2013
 respectively.


RELATED
PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS



be related if one party has the ability
 directly or indirectly
 to control the other party or exercise significant influence over
the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to
common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities.


considered to be related parties to the Company because they are affiliates of the Company under the ultimate common control of
the Company&rsquo;s major shareholder. The nature of each entity is discussed in the table below:


    
    








        
        
    

        

    
        
        
        
        
    
Engages in buying and selling packaging materials
 vitamin and mineral pre-mixes
 and other food ingredients.

    
    
    

    
    
Produces and distributes retail-packaged yogurt products in Beijing. Kelqin was sold to a third party in April 2013
 and was no longer considered a related party from that date.

    
    
    

    

 Ltd.
        
        
        
    
    

    
    
    





        Ltd.
        
        
        
    
    

    
    
    

Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Honnete Beijing&rdquo;)
    
    

    
    
    

Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Lvyin&rdquo;)
    
    

    
    
    

Beijing Dongan Hengxin Property Development Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Dongan Hengxin&rdquo;)
    
    

    
    
    

Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Ao Naier&rdquo;)
    
    



Related
party balances



Due
from related parties
 including current and non-current portion




    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
1
025
    
    
    
1
918
    

Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
732
    
    
    
3
451
    

Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
768
    
    
    
5
464
    



Due
to related parties




    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
556
    



from related parties were unsecured and interest free.


    
    




Sales
to and services rendered for related parties



2014
 the Company&rsquo;s sales to related parties mainly included feed grade milk powder and whey powder to Ao Naier
 and powdered
formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and services for related parties including office spaces rented to Honnete
Beijing
 Ao Naier
 St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and St. Angel Cultural Communication. In fiscal year 2013
 the Company&rsquo;s
sales to related parties mainly included whey protein powder to Honnete Beijing
 feed grade milk powder to Ao Naier
 and powdered
formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and services for related parties represent office spaces rented to Honnete
Beijing
 Ao Naier and St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service.



    
Year Ended March 31


    
    
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    
    


 Ltd.
4
651
1
780
2
470


 Ltd.
    
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    
    

    
5
220
2
329
3
538



Purchases
from related parties



2014
 St. Angel Cultural Communication provided certain marketing&nbsp;services for the Company. In fiscal year 2013
 the Company
purchased the raw material from Honnete Beijing as well.



    
    
Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
674
    

Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co.
 Ltd.*
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
262
    



2013.



    
    



PREPAYMENTS
TAX RECEIVABLES AND OTHERS




    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
8
544
    
    
    
9
287
    

    
    
    
5
056
    
    
    
6
821
    

    
    
    
4
086
    
    
    
2
193
    

    
    
    
3
586
    
    
    
2
898
    

    
    
    
5
740
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
27
012
    
    
    
22
028
    



PROPERTY
PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET




    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

Property
 plant and equipment
 cost:
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
447
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
753
    
    
    
5
744
    

    
    
    
80
013
    
    
    
86
769
    

    
    
    
65
790
    
    
    
88
007
    

    
    
    
11
146
    
    
    
11
507
    

    
    
    
2
577
    
    
    
3
452
    

    
    
    
1
140
    
    
    
1
103
    

    
    
    
167
866
    
    
    
196
582
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
17
790
    
    
    
17
986
    

    
    
    
44
193
    
    
    
48
942
    

    
    
    
9
599
    
    
    
6
400
    

    
    
    
1
834
    
    
    
2
491
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
75
172
    
    
    
77
269
    

    
    
    
94
391
    
    
    
26
520
    

Property
 plant and equipment
 net
    
    
187
085
    
    
    
145
833
    



of land acquired for the Company&rsquo;s French subsidiary.


mainly represents construction and equipment purchase for the French subsidiary as of March 31
 2015 and 2014.


expense&nbsp;for owned assets and capital leased assets of $15.2 million
 $15.1 million and $14.7 million for the fiscal years
ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


    
    







LAND
USE RIGHTS
 NET



ownership in China. Companies or individuals are authorized to possess and use the land only through land use rights granted by
the PRC government. Land use rights are amortized using the straight-line method over the lease term of 42 to 50 years.



    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

Land use rights
 cost
    
    
9
896
    
    
    
12
376
    

    
    
    
1
239
    
    
    
1
419
    

Land use rights
 net
    
    
8
657
    
    
    
10
957
    



expense of $217
000
 $258
000 and $239
000 for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


INTANGIBLE
ASSETS
 NET




    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
588
    
    
    
4
270
    



of March 31
 2015 represent $2.5 million for registered trademark of Dutch Cow and $98
000 for registered trademark of Ausmeadow
which are used for the Company&rsquo;s nutritional food products.


of March 31
 2014 represent $3.1 million for registered trademark of Dutch Cow
 $878
000 for registered trademark of Ausmeadow
and $337
000 for registered trademark of Huiliduo
 which are used for the Company&rsquo;s nutritional food products.


    
    








consisted of the following:



    
March 31
 2015
March 31
 2014

    
145
639
115
917

    
130
426
91
505


 current
276
065
207
422


 non-current portion
144
627
160
533

    
420
692
367
955





debt consisted of the following:



    
March 31
 2015
March 31
 2014


267
 respectively
    
6
502


929
 respectively
    
2
438


966 and $17
006
 respectively
116
333
20
480

    
29
306
86
497

    
145
639
115
917



 2015
 the
maturity dates of the short-term debt outstanding range from June 2015 to March 2016. The weighted average interest rate on short-term
debt outstanding at March 31
 2015 and 2014 was 2.6% and 4.9%
 respectively. Certain portion of these debts use floating interest
rates
 which are calculated based on the benchmark lending interest rate published by China&rsquo;s central bank or on LIBOR. are
&euro;20.0 million (equivalent to $21.7 million).




 including
current portion
 as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 are comprised of:



    
March 31
 2015
March 31
 2014

    
154
393
150
843

    
93
099
101
195

    
27
561
    

    
275
053
252
038



 2015
 among
the long-term debts which were borrowed in Mainland China
 $11.9 million was secured by restricted cash deposits of $ 14.3 million
and the rest $142.5 million were credit debts. These debts used floating interest rates
 which are calculated based on the benchmark
lending interest rate published by China&rsquo;s central bank
 or LIBOR. The maturity dates range from June 2015 to February 2018.
A long-term loan of &euro;11.0 million (equivalent to $11.9 million) which will due in February 2018 is restricted to the purpose
of construction of the French project as of March 31
 2015.


 2015
 the
long-term debts which were borrowed in Hong Kong were secured by restricted cash deposit of $75.6 million. These debts used floating
interest rates
 which are calculated based on LIBOR. The maturity dates of the used facility range from May 2015 to November 2016.


 2015
 the
long-term debts which were borrowed in France were secured by restricted cash deposit of $37.4 million. These debts used floating
interest rates
 which are calculated based on LIBOR. The maturity dates of the borrowed debts range from January 2019 to February
2019.


 2015
 the
Company had unused committed long-term loan facility for Synutra France of &euro;53.0 million (equivalent to $57.5 million) from
a bank. This facility used floating interest rate
 which was calculated based on LIBOR. The term of this facility was eight years
commencing from the actual drawdown date. This facility was pledged by all the long-lived assets of Synutra France. The Company
had begun to use the facility in April 2015.


rate as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 for the long-term debts was 4.4% and 4.6%
 respectively.


RMB
 USD and EUR were $171.8 million
 $187.7 million and $61.2 million as of March 31
 2015
 respectively.


debt
 including current and non-current portion
&nbsp;subject to mandatory redemption are as follows:




    
Year Ending March 31


    
130
426

    
75
174

    
41
892

    
27
561

    
275
053



cost incurred for loans was $17.3 million
 $15.6 million and $14.8 million
 and the amount thereof that has been capitalized was
$1.8 million
 nil and nil
 for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


OTHER
CURRENT LIABILITIES




    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

Accrued discount
 rebate and slotting fee
    
    
24
861
    
    
    
18
911
    

    
    
    
8
825
    
    
    
9
469
    

    
    
    
3
404
    
    
    
6
793
    

    
    
    
3
980
    
    
    
5
593
    

    
    
    
5
720
    
    
    
5
214
    

    
    
    
46
790
    
    
    
45
980
    



OBLIGATIONS
UNDER CAPITAL LEASE


The
Company has entered into leases for building and warehouse under capital lease arrangement with terms varying from 13 to 33 years.
Future minimum capital lease payments at March 31
 2015 are as follows:



    
    
Year Ending March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
816
    

    
    
    
18
931
    

    
    
    
11
041
    

    
    
    
7
890
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
7
806
    

    
    
    
7
890
    



expense of $177
000
 $176
000 and $92
000 for capital leased assets for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 and recorded
interest expense of $525
000
 $555
000 and $201
000 for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The interest rates associated
with the capital leases are from 6.8% to 7.83% per annum.


obligations are included in other current liabilities and capital lease obligations in the balance sheet.


IMPAIRMENT
OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS



continuous operating losses in past years
 slow market development and expected higher promotion expenditures to achieve
meaningful sales. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 the prepared food assets group with a carrying amount of $10.7
million were written down to their fair value of $5.7 million
 resulting in an impairment charge of $4.7 million on equipment
and $0.3 million on the Huiliduo brand. Based on the nature of the assets being assessed
 the fair value for buildings and
land use rights
was estimated using the direct comparison method under the market approach. The direct comparison method is a
set of procedures in which a value indication is derived by comparing the real estate being appraised to similar real estate
that have been sold recently. Then applying appropriate units of comparison and making adjustments to the sale prices of the
comparable based on the elements of comparison such as differences in location
 size
 decoration and year of completion
 etc.
to derive at the fair value of the real estate. In determining the fair value for the equipment
 the Company adopted a
probability weighted average method to determine the fair value
 and concluded the fair value to be approximately $0.7
million
 which was close to the equipment's salvage value. The prepared food assets group was reported under nutritional food
segment.


Company's annual impairment testing of indefinite lived intangible assets for fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
  an
impairment loss of $0.8 million was recognized for the Ausmeadow brand due to the lower operating performance than the Company's previous
expectations. The Ausmeadow was an minor brand for powdered formula business of
nutritional food segment which was acquired in 2012 at $1.2 million and which represented 0.30% and 0.25% of Powdered Formula
sales in fiscal 2014 and 2015
 respectively.


$1.0 million in fiscal year 2014 related to the prepared food as a result of the operating loss and negative operating cash flow.
No impairment charges were recognized during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013.



    
    



INCOME
TAXES



Tax
law of each tax jurisdiction





income tax laws of United States
 the Company is subject to tax on its income or capital gains. The applicable rate is 34% for
fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013.




incorporated in the Netherlands is subject to Netherland&rsquo;s profit tax.&nbsp;The applicable rate is 20% on the first EUR 200
000
of taxable profits
 and 25% for taxable profits exceeding EUR 200
000 for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013.




in France is subject to profit tax at 33 1/3% on assessable income.




in Hong Kong is subject to profit tax at 16.5% on assessable income.




 2007
 the National
People&rsquo;s Congress of the PRC approved and promulgated the new Enterprise Income Tax Law (&ldquo;EIT Law&rdquo;)
 which took
effect beginning January 1
 2008. Under the new EIT law
 foreign investment enterprises and domestic companies are subject to a
uniform tax rate of 25%. The new tax law provides a transition period from its effective date for certain qualifying enterprises
which were established before the promulgation date of the new tax law and which were entitled to&nbsp;certain preferential lower
tax rate or tax holiday under the then effective tax laws or regulations.


PRC subsidiaries are eligible under the transition rules to continue enjoying tax holidays or reduced tax rate until expiration.
The following table illustrates the applicable tax rate and tax holidays of major PRC subsidiaries under the new EIT Law:




        
        
    
Statutory Tax Rate Beginning January 1
 2008
    

        
        

Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    

Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    

Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    

Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
12.5% (2012); high-tech enterprise at 15%
    (2014
 2015)

Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    

Beijing Syclin Clinical Laboratory Co.

    
    
    
    

Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    

Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd. 
    
    
    
    



Law
 dividends which arise from profits of foreign invested enterprises (&ldquo;FIEs&rdquo;) earned after January 1
 2008 are subject
to a 10% withholding&nbsp;tax. In addition
 under the tax arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong
 if the foreign investor is
incorporated in Hong Kong and qualifies as the beneficial owner
 the applicable withholding tax rate is reduced from 10% to 5%
if the investor holds at least 25% in the FIE. A deferred tax liability should be recognized for the undistributed profits of PRC
companies unless the Company has sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the undistributed dividends will be indefinitely reinvested.
As of March 31
 2015
 all earnings generated in countries/areas other than United States are intended to be indefinitely reinvested
and as a result
 the Company did not record any&nbsp;deferred tax liability&nbsp;on such undistributed&nbsp;earnings.


    
    





Components
of income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit)



purposes
 income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) includes the following components:



    
    
Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
300
    
    
    
1
232
    
    
    
(3
045
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
338
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(4
295
    
    
    
(1
453
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
49
994
    
    
    
30
250
    
    
    
(25
462
    

    
    
    
67
582
    
    
    
30
478
    
    
    
(27
035
    



Reconciliation
from the statutory income tax rate to reported amount of income tax expense (benefit)



reconciled to the tax expense (benefit) computed at the US statutory rate was approximately as follows for fiscal year 2015
 2014
and 2013:



    
    
Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
22
980
    
    
    
10
364
    
    
    
(9
192
    

    
    
    
(3
699
    
    
    
(3
206
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(26
456
    
    
    
(7
597
    
    
    
46
700
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
331
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
441
    

    
    
    
1
489
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
expense
    
    
(4
449
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
37
186
    



Co.
 Ltd. enjoys a preferential tax rate of 15%
 PRC tax holiday
 which may be extended if the requirements of High and New Technology
Enterprise are satisfied. The impact of this PRC tax holiday decreased income taxes by $0.8 million
 nil and nil for the fiscal
years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The benefit of the PRC tax holidays on basic and diluted earnings (loss)
per share was $0.01
 nil and nil for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


Deferred
tax assets by type of temporary difference
 credits and change in valuation allowance



the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes
and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company&rsquo;s net deferred tax assets are as follows:



    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
920
    
    
    
1
099
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
469
    

    
    
    
3
860
    
    
    
1
760
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
004
    

    
    
    
4
523
    
    
    
8
805
    

    
    
    
1
981
    
    
    
1
515
    

    
    
    
13
237
    
    
    
21
680
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(21
680
    

    
    
    
12
267
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
118
    
    
    
15
279
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
835
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
376
    
    
    
16
924
    

    
    
    
(8
078
    
    
    
(16
924
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    







year in the total valuation allowance is as follows:



    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
38
604
    
    
    
56
971
    

    
    
    
(26
456
    
    
    
(18
341
    

    
    
    
(3
100
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
048
    
    
    
38
604
    



asset and liability method to record related deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company considers positive and negative
evidence to determine whether some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized. This
assessment considers
 among other matters
 the nature
 frequency and severity of recent losses
 forecasts of future
profitability
 the duration of statutory carryforward periods
 the Company&rsquo;s experience with tax attributes expiring
unused and tax planning alternatives. Valuation allowances have been established for deferred tax assets based on a more
likely than not threshold. The Company&rsquo;s ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on its ability to generate
sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods provided for under the tax law.


on the past ten consecutive quarters of operating income and the level of projections for future taxable income over the periods
in which the deferred tax assets are deductible
 the Company believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize
the benefits of the deductible differences of Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 a major subsidiary
 therefore no valuation
allowance was made for the $12.8 million deferred tax assets as of March 31
 2015. As for the remaining deferred tax assets of
other subsidiaries
 the Company believes it is not more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of the deductible
differences
 therefore full valuation allowance of $9.0 million was accrued as of March 31
 2015.


liquidated certain subsidiaries in fiscal year 2015 and 2014. As a result
 the Company derecognized deferred tax assets and released
valuation allowance related to these subsidiaries of $3.0 million and nil in fiscal year 2015 and 2014.


Significant
components of income tax expense



subsidiaries are calculated on a separate entity basis. Each of the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries files stand-alone tax returns.
The income tax expense for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013 are summarized as follows:



    
    
Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
719
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
477
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
113
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
528
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(12
828
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
550
    

    
    
    
(11
300
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
550
    

    
    
    
(4
449
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
37
186
    




    
    




Uncertain
tax positions



of the level of authority for each tax position (including the potential application of interests and penalties) based on the technical
merits
 and has measured the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. These liabilities are recorded in other long
term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognizes&nbsp;the liability for unrecognized tax benefits
 and
the associated interest and penalties within the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.
The Company believes that it is reasonably possible that none of its currently other remaining unrecognized tax benefits may be
recognized by the end of calendar year 2015 as a result of a lapse of the statute of limitations.


reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits for the years presented:



    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
260
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
498
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



the uncertain&nbsp;tax position of $0.3 million in the fiscal year 2015 is related to&nbsp;the disposal&nbsp;of
subsidiaries
 Zhangjiakou and Huiliduo. The increment of the uncertain tax position of $1.3 million in fiscal year 2015 is
related to a position taken by parent company which more likely than not will not be sustained upon examination by a taxing
authority. The reduction of the uncertain&nbsp;tax position of $0.2 million in the fiscal year 2013 is related to&nbsp;the
tax de-registration&nbsp;of a subsidiary
 Heilongjiang Mingshan Dairy Co.
 Ltd. The balance of unrecognized tax benefits at
March 31
 2015
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.


Administration and Collection Law
 the statute of limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to
computational errors made by the taxpayer or withholding agent. The statute of limitations will be extended to five years
under special circumstances
 which are not clearly defined (but an underpayment of tax liability exceeding RMB100
000 is
specifically listed as a special circumstance). In the case of a related party transaction
 the statute of limitations is ten
years. There is no statute of limitations in the case of tax evasion. The Company's PRC subsidiaries are therefore generally
subject to examination by the PRC tax authorities from calendar year 2010 through 2014 on non-transfer pricing matters
 and
from calendar year 2005 through 2014 on transfer pricing matters. The statute of limitations in the US is generally three
years.


EARNINGS
(LOSS) PER SHARE



basic and diluted earnings per share
 the Company used the following weighted average common stocks outstanding:



    
    
Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
69
533
    
    
    
30
929
    
    
    
(63
888
    

    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



AMRO Bank N.V.
 Hong Kong Branch (now known as The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V. (&quot;RBS&quot;)) warrants to purchase 400
000
shares of common stock in connection with the RBS Loan in fiscal year 2008. The warrant agreement expired on June 30
 2013. These
warrants were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for fiscal year 2013 as they would be anti-dilutive.


    
    




COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES



Purchase
commitments



 2015
 the
Company had outstanding commitments of $494
000 for advertising purchases
 and $30.0 million for milk powder and whey powder within
the next twelve months. According to the French Project&rsquo;s contracts with Sodiaal and Euroserum
 the Company committed to
purchase
 and Sodiaal and Euroserum committed to sell
 288 million liters of milk per year for ten years. This committed an amount
of whey equivalent to 24
000 tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated dry whey extract per year for ten years
 and 6
000 tons
of 70% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey
 for ten years
 at market based prices at the
time of purchase
 to satisfy the production needs of the new drying facility. As the price of raw milk and whey for the next ten
year cannot be predicted with precision
 the commitment amount above excludes the raw milk and whey purchase commitment of the
French Project.


Capital
expenditure commitments



 2015
 the
Company&rsquo;s capital expenditure commitments of $82.8 million are mainly related to&nbsp;signed contracts for construction and
manufacturing equipment for the French Project.


Operating
lease commitments



leases mainly included lease of two land use rights for 13 years and 33 years
 respectively
 under non-cancellable operating lease
as well as office facilities and warehouses under non-cancellable operating leases. The operating lease commitments of the Company
at March 31
 2015 are as follows:



    
    

        
        
    

    
    
    
1
820
    

    
    
    
1
718
    

    
    
    
1
718
    

    
    
    
1
718
    

    
    
    
1
718
    

    
    
    
47
298
    

    
    
    
55
990
    



for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013 were $2.1 million
 $2.0 million and $3.2 million
 respectively.


    
    





SEGMENT
REPORTING AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION



operating decision maker has been identified as the chief executive officer
 who reviews consolidated results when making decisions
about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Company. In fiscal years 2014 and 2013
 the Company operated and reported
its performance in four segments. However
 starting from fiscal year 2015
 the Company has operated the Powdered Formula and Foods
segments as a single business segment based on a shared distribution network and similar marketing strategies. Therefore
 there
are only three reportable segments for fiscal year 2015
 and the


information in prior years was restated to be consistent with the current year reportable segments. The three reportable segments
are:


- Sales of powdered infant and adult formula products
 and prepared foods.


- Sales of nutritional supplement such as chondroitin sulfate to external customers
 and microencapsulated Docosahexanoic Acid
(&ldquo;DHA&rdquo;) and Arachidonic Acid (&ldquo;ARA&rdquo;) to powdered formula segment.

 -
Other business includes non-core businesses such as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial
customers
 providing genetic diagnostic services for&nbsp;new born babies
 and sales of cosmetics to pregnant women.


on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The following tables summarized the Company&rsquo;s revenue
and cost generated from different revenue streams.



    
Year Ended March 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
386
807
314
459
224
773

    
18
516
21
987
6
836

    
8
618
34
088
34
161

    
413
941
370
534
265
770

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
15
752
10
688
9
212

    
    
    
    

    
15
848
10
812
9
282

    
    
    
    

    
188
235
155
694
99
387

    
1
708
(2
659
(2
810

    
    
    
(2
018

    
189
554
153
507
94
559





    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
626
317
    
    
    
505
799
    

    
    
    
38
878
    
    
    
51
289
    

    
    
    
2
169
    
    
    
2
422
    

    
    
    
10
528
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(13
007
    
    
    
(9
672
    

    
    
    
664
885
    
    
    
550
683
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
180
495
    
    
    
139
487
    

    
    
    
14
039
    
    
    
15
807
    

    
    
    
1
208
    
    
    
1
496
    

    
    
    
195
742
    
    
    
156
790
    




    
    



generated from sales in the following areas:



    
    
Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
397
234
    
    
    
355
218
    
    
    
260
211
    

    
    
    
16
707
    
    
    
15
316
    
    
    
5
559
    



    
    
    
413
941
    
    
    
370
534
    
    
    
265
770
    


on location of customer


long-lived assets
 consisted of property
 plant and equipment
 land use rights
 and intangible assets
 are located in the
following areas:



    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
104
594
    
    
    
137
057
    

    
    
    
91
148
    
    
    
19
733
    

    
    
    
195
742
    
    
    
156
790
    



for more than 10% of net sales for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013.


ACCUMULATED
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME



income as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 was comprised entirely of foreign currency translation adjustments. During fiscal year 2015
the Company 1) disposed Zhangjiakou and reclassified net currency translation adjustments totaling $7.0 million from accumulated
other comprehensive income to net income; 2) disposed Beijing Huiliduo with no reclassification of currency translation adjustments.
During fiscal year 2014
 the Company disposed of one immaterial subsidiary
 with no reclassification of currency translation adjustments.
During fiscal year 2013
 the Company liquidated three subsidiaries which had minimal operations and disposed of two immaterial
subsidiaries and reclassified net currency translation adjustments totaling $3.1 million from accumulated other comprehensive income
to net income (loss).


MAINLAND
CHINA CONTRIBUTION PLAN AND RESTRICTED NET ASSETS



China
Contribution Plan



the Company in the PRC participate in a government-mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which
certain pension benefits
 medical care
 unemployment insurance and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. The PRC
government is directly responsible for the payments of the benefits to these retired employees. PRC labor regulations
require the Company to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentage of the employees&rsquo; salaries. The total
contribution for such employee benefits were $7.5 million
 $7.1 million and $7.0 million for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
respectively. The Company has no further obligations subsequent to payment of these amounts to the PRC government.


Restricted
Net Assets



statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries only out of their
retained earnings
 if any
 as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. PRC laws and
regulations require that annual appropriations of 10% of after-tax income should be set aside prior to payment of dividends
as a general reserve fund. In addition
 there are restrictions on the distribution of share capital from the Company&rsquo;s
PRC subsidiaries. As a result of these PRC laws and regulations
 the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries and PRC affiliates are
restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company in the form of dividends
 loans or
advances
 which restricted portion amounted to RMB 716.7 million (equivalently $116.7 million) as of March 31
 2015.
&nbsp;


    
    





QUARTERLY
FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)



information in fiscal years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
85
975
    
    
    
102
464
    
    
    
115
331
    
    
    
110
171
    
    
    
82
205
    
    
    
88
556
    
    
    
101
034
    
    
    
98
739
    

    
    
    
38
763
    
    
    
43
900
    
    
    
52
717
    
    
    
54
174
    
    
    
36
081
    
    
    
38
889
    
    
    
40
303
    
    
    
38
234
    

    
    
    
17
940
    
    
    
10
237
    
    
    
17
264
    
    
    
24
092
    
    
    
4
775
    
    
    
6
073
    
    
    
9
987
    
    
    
10
094
    

    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    


SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION - FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULE I


(Dollars and shares in thousands
 except
per share data)



    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
056
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
056
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
140
    
    
    
57
457
    

    
    
    
57
382
    
    
    
6
038
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
144
    

    
    
    
113
311
    
    
    
65
358
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
877
    

    
    
    
1
260
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
385
    
    
    
3
962
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock
 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized; 57
301 and 57
301 issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
135
440
    
    
    
135
440
    

    
    
    
(35
046
    
    
    
(104
579
    

    
    
    
11
526
    
    
    
30
529
    

    
    
    
111
926
    
    
    
61
396
    

    
    
    
113
311
    
    
    
65
358
    





    
    






&nbsp;(Dollars
in thousands
 except per share data)



    
    
Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
186
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
570
    

    
    
    
1
186
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
570
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
046
    
    
    
    
    

Other income
 net&nbsp;
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
625
    

    
    
    
71
265
    
    
    
29
064
    
    
    
(65
893
    

    
    
    
69
533
    
    
    
30
929
    
    
    
(63
888
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    
    
    
57
301
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




(Dollars in
thousands)



    
Year Ended March 31


    
    
    
    

    
69
533
30
929
(63
888


 net of tax
    
    
    

    
(11
992
1
701
    

    
(7
011
    
(3
141

    
(19
003
1
701
(3
373

    
50
530
32
630
(67
261




    
    







(Dollars in
thousands)



    
Year Ended March 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
69
533
30
929
(63
888

    
    
    
    

    
(71
265
(29
064
65
893

    
    
    
(3
625

    
    
(2
046
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(18
103

    
    
    
    

    
    
2
153
(8
665

    
    
(1
588
1
525

    
1
260
    
(1
290

    
    
    
    

    
(1
021
    
(27
943

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(3
877
    
    

    
7
318
    
    

    
    
    
28
246

    
    
    
    

    
    
2
046
    

    
4
358
2
046
28
246

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
(2
860
    

    
    
(2
860
    

    
3
337
    
    


 beginning of year
    
1
077
    


 end of year
4
056
    
1
077




    
    








    
    
Schedule I has been provided pursuant to the requirements of Rule 12-04(a) and 5-04(c) of Regulation S-X
 which require condensed financial information as to the financial position
 changes in financial position and results of operations of a parent company as of the same dates and for the same periods for which audited consolidated financial statements have been presented when the restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiaries exceed 25 percent of consolidated net assets as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year.




    
    
    




    
    
Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted. The footnote disclosures contain supplemental information relating to the operations of the Company and
 as such
 these statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company.




    
    
As of March 31
 2015
 there were no material contingencies
 significant provisions of long-term obligations
 mandatory dividend or redemption requirements of redeemable stocks or guarantees of the Company
 except for those which have been separately disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statement
 if any.



    
    




SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.


(Dollars in
thousands)



    
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    

Allowance for accounts receivable
 including current and not-current portion
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
5
137
    
    
    
(2
189
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
941
    

    
    
    
    
11
352
    
    
    
(3
116
    
    
    
(3
099
    
    
    
5
137
    

    
    
    
    
12
167
    
    
    
1
856
    
    
    
(2
671
    
    
    
11
352
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
2
248
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
446
    

    
    
    
    
2
682
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
248
    

    
    
    
    
2
164
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
682
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
38
604
    
    
    
(26
456
    
    
    
(3
100
    
    
    
9
048
    

    
    
    
    
56
971
    
    
    
(18
341
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
38
604
    

    
    
    
    
13
589
    
    
    
46
700
    
    
    
(3
318
    
    
    
56
971
    



    
    






ITEM 9.&nbsp;&nbsp;CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE





Conclusion Regarding Effectiveness of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures


 with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as
amended
 or the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report.


evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
 as of March 31
 2015
 our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we
file or submit under the Exchange Act is (a) recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms and (b) accumulated and communicated to the our management
 including the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2015. In making this
assessment
 our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment
 management believes that
 as of March 31
 2015
 our internal
control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria.


public accounting firm
 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
 has issued an attestation report on our internal
control over financial reporting. That attestation report appears below.

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting


in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) in the year
ended March 31
 2015
 which have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over
financial reporting.


    
    




REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM


BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS OF


INTERNATIONAL
 INC.:


internal control over financial reporting of Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries and variable interest entity (the
&ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of March&nbsp;31
 2015

(2013) 
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.


audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over
financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
 and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the company&rsquo;s principal executive
and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the company&rsquo;s board of directors
management
 and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&nbsp;provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.


limitations of internal control over financial reporting
 including the possibility of collusion or improper management override
of controls
 material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk
that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.


 the
Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of March&nbsp;31
 2015
 based
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission.


in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated financial statements
and the related financial statement schedule included in Schedule I and II as of and for the year ended March&nbsp;31
 2015 of
June 12
 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial
statements and financial statement schedule.



    

Shanghai
 China



 2015


    
    







Disclosure pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934


of 1934
 we
 Synutra International Inc.
 may be required to disclose in our annual and quarterly reports to the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
 whether we or any of our &ldquo;affiliates&rdquo; knowingly engaged in certain activities
transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with certain individuals or entities targeted by US economic sanctions. Disclosure
is generally required even where the activities
 transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. Because
the SEC defines the term &ldquo;affiliate&rdquo; broadly
 it includes any entity under common &ldquo;control&rdquo; with us (and
the term &ldquo;control&rdquo; is also construed broadly by the SEC).


by Warburg Pincus LLC (&ldquo;WP&rdquo;)
 affiliates of which: (i) beneficially own more than 10% of our outstanding common stock
and/or are members of our board of directors and (ii) beneficially own more than 10% of the equity interests of
 and have the right
to designate members of the board of directors of Santander Asset Management Investment Holdings Limited (&ldquo;SAMIH&rdquo;).
SAMIH may therefore be deemed to be under common &ldquo;control&rdquo; with us; however
 this statement is not meant to be an admission
that common control exists.


SAMIH and its non-U.S. affiliates that may be deemed to be under common &ldquo;control&rdquo; with us. The disclosure does not
relate to any activities conducted by us or by WP and does not involve our or WP&rsquo;s management. Neither we nor WP has had
any involvement in or control over the disclosed activities of SAMIH
 and neither we nor WP has independently verified or participated
in the preparation of the disclosure. Neither we nor WP is representing as to the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure nor
do we or WP undertake any obligation to correct or update it.


in their next annual or quarterly SEC report that &ldquo;Santander UK holds frozen savings and current accounts for two customers
resident in the U.K. who are currently designated by the U.S. for terrorism. The accounts held by each customer were blocked after
the customer&rsquo;s designation and remained blocked and dormant throughout the first quarter of 2015. No revenue has been generated
by Santander UK on these accounts.&rdquo;


 resident in the
U.K.
 who is currently designated by the U.S. under the Iranian Financial Sanctions Regulations and the Weapons of Mass Destruction
Proliferators Sanctions Regulations (&ldquo;NPWMD sanctions program&rdquo;)
 holds a mortgage with Santander UK that was issued
prior to any such designation. No further drawdown has been made (or would be permitted) under this mortgage although Santander
UK continues to receive repayment installments. In the first quarter of 2015
 total revenue in connection with the mortgage was
approximately &pound;800 and net profits were negligible relative to the overall profits of Santander UK. Santander UK does not
intend to enter into any new relationships with this customer
 and any disbursements will only be made in accordance with applicable
sanctions. The same Iranian national also holds two investment accounts with Santander Asset Management UK Limited. The accounts
have remained frozen during quarter one of 2015. The investment returns are being automatically reinvested
 and no disbursements
have been made to the customer. Total revenue for the Santander Group in connection with the investment accounts was approximately
&pound;70 and net profits in the first quarter of 2015 were negligible relative to the overall profits of Banco Santander
 S.A.&rdquo;&nbsp;


    
    





ITEM 10.&nbsp;&nbsp;DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 DIRECTORS AND SIGNIFICANT
EMPLOYEES


information about our directors and executive officers as of June 12
 2015:




        
        
    

        
        
    

        
        

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Vice President
 Production

    
    
    
    
Vice President
 Human resources and administration

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




    
Member of Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee

    
    

. Liang
Zhang is our founder and has served as the chairman of our board of directors and Chief Executive officer since we became a public
company in 2005. Mr. Zhang is also currently in charge of our marketing and sales function. Prior to that
 Mr. Zhang served as
chief executive officer of Synutra Illinois since 2000. Mr. Zhang has worked in the food ingredients industry since the 1980s and
founded his first entrepreneurial venture
 Honnete Beijing
 in the early 1990s. Honnete Beijing has since become the dominant supplier
of whey protein products in China. Mr. Zhang has been recognized as a business leader in the dairy industry in China. Mr. Zhang&rsquo;s
experience as founder of Honnete Beijing gives him valuable insight into marketing strategies in our industry. Mr. Zhang received
a bachelor&rsquo;s degree in French language and literature from Nanjing International Relations Institute of China.


Ning Cai joined us in December 2012. Ms. Cai has fifteen years of experience in corporate finance and investment banking. Ms.
Cai joins Synutra from Trina Solar Limited (NYSE: TSL)
 where she served as a director of investment analysis from April 2010
to April 2012 and as the controller of System Group &amp;&nbsp;China region from May 2012 to December 2012.&nbsp;Before that
Ms. Cai worked for nine years at Scotia Capital
 the investment banking arm of Bank of Nova Scotia (NYSE: BNS).&nbsp;Ms. Cai
worked&nbsp;on the execution team in Scotia Capital's San Francisco office&nbsp;where she&nbsp;held progressive positions as
an Associate from 2001 to&nbsp;2003
 an&nbsp;Associate Director from&nbsp;2003 to&nbsp;2006 and as a Director&nbsp;from 2006
to 2009
 primarily covering&nbsp;the portfolio management and deal execution for the real estate
 gaming &amp;
leisure
&nbsp;and technology&nbsp;industries.&nbsp;Ms. Cai started her career with Ernst &amp; Young&rsquo;s Shanghai office
where she was a staff accountant in the tax group from 1997 to 1999.&nbsp;&nbsp;Ms. Cai earned a Bachelor in Economics from
Shanghai International Studies University and an MBA from University of Iowa Tippie Business School. Ms. Cai holds the
Chartered Financial Analyst (&quot;CFA&quot;) designation.&nbsp;

. Weiguo
Zhang has been our president since 2005 and is primarily responsible for our international market operations
 including corporate
development
 international strategic development
 and development of international markets for our nutritional supplement segment.
He also serves as our corporate secretary. Mr. Zhang first joined us as president of Synutra Illinois in 2001 to oversee our U.S.
operations
 including information support in research and technologies and business development. Prior to joining us
 Mr. Zhang
was the managing director of Bambridge International
 Ltd.
 which he founded in 1995. Mr. Zhang received a bachelor&rsquo;s degree
in English language and literature from the Nanjing International Relations Institute and a master&rsquo;s degree in international
economics and American foreign policy from the School of Advanced International Studies from John Hopkins University.

. Xisen
Mu has served as our vice president of production since January 2007. Before joining us
 Mr. Mu worked as general manager of Heilongjiang
Dairy Group since 2001. Prior to that
 Mr. Mu held senior positions with other major dairy companies in Heilongjiang province.
He has more than twenty years of experience in the dairy industry in China. Mr. Mu received a diploma in management from Qiqihar
Institute of Light Industry.

a. Feng
Zha joined us in February 2009 and has served as our vice president of human resources and administration since then. Before joining
us
 Mr. Zha worked as general manager of PRC Venture Partners LLC from 2006 to 2009. Mr. Zha was one of the major founders of Red
Bull business in China
 and had been the general manager of Red Bull Vitamin Drink Co. Ltd. from 1995 to 2003. Prior to that
 Mr.
Zha engaged in food safety monitoring in the Ministry of Health of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China. Mr. Zha serves as member
of market economy committee of the China Dairy Industry Association. Mr. Zha received a master&rsquo;s degree in Biological statistics
and information management from Wuhan Medical University
 and an MBA from Concordia University in Canada.



    
    




.
Joseph Chow has been a managing director of Moelis and Company from June 2011 to March 2014.&nbsp;Mr. Chow had been our
interim Chief Financial Officer from November 10
 2009 to June 10
 2010
 advisor to our Chairman from June 11
 2010 to June
10
 2011
 and has served as a director of our board of directors since May 4
 2010. Mr. Chow has extensive experience in
corporate finance
 financial advisory and management and has held senior executive and managerial positions in various public
and private companies. Prior to joining us
 Mr. Chow was a managing director of Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLP from 2008 to 2009.
Prior to that
 he served as an independent financial consultant from 2006 to 2008
 as chief financial officer of Harbor
Networks Limited from 2005 to 2006
 and as chief financial officer of China Netcom (Holdings) Company Limited from 2001 to
2004. Prior to that Mr. Chow also served as the director of strategic planning of Bombardier Capital
 Inc.
 as vice president
of international operations of Citigroup and as the corporate auditor of GE Capital. Mr. Chow currently sits on the board as
an independent executive director for China Lodging Group
 Limited (NASDAQ: HTHT)
 and for Intime Department Store (Group)
Co.
 Ltd (HKEx: INTIME). Mr. Chow has extensive knowledge of finance and accounting issues from his experience as Chief
Financial Officer at Harbor Networks Limited and China Netcom (Holdings) Company Limited. Mr. Chow obtained a Bachelor of
Arts degree in political science from Nanjing Institute of International Relations and an MBA from the University of Maryland
at College Park.

. Jinrong
Chen has served as a director of our board of directors since June 27
 2006. Ms. Chen has served as associate professor at the
School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University in Beijing since 2001
 specializing in corporate finance management
securities analysis
 financial operations
 corporate governance and controls. In addition to her academic career with top business
schools in China
 Ms. Chen also advises or sits on the board and audit committee of Bosun Tools Co.
 Ltd. and Citic Development
&ndash; Shenyang Commercial Building (Group) Company Limited which are listed in China
 and certain private businesses in China.
Ms. Chen has extensive knowledge of finance and accounting issues from her experience as professor at the School of Economics and
Management of Tsinghua University
 and her experience with Bosun Tools Co.
 Ltd. and Citic Development &ndash; Shenyang Commercial
Building (Group) Company Limited gives the Board perspective with respect to corporate governance and brand building. Ms. Chen
received her bachelor&rsquo;s degree in accounting from Beijing Institute of Electronics &amp; Information and her MBA degree from
Renmin University of China.

. Lei Lin
has served as an&nbsp;independent&nbsp;director of our board of directors since October 1
 2007. Mr. Lin is the founder and chairman
of Sinotrust International Information and Consulting (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. established in 1992
 and which is a leading&nbsp;marketing
research and&nbsp;consulting company in China.&nbsp;Mr. Lin also sits on the board of Xiezhong International Holdings Limited
New Focus Auto Tech Holdings Limited
 and Car Inc. which are listed in China. Mr. Lin&rsquo;s experience as the founder and chairman
of Sinotrust provides him with deep insight into all aspects of business management. Mr. Lin received his bachelor&rsquo;s degree
in economic information management from Renmin University of China in July 1990.

.
Min Zhang has served as a director of our board of directors since February 18
 2011.&nbsp;&nbsp;Ms. Zhang has served as
president of China Lodging Group (NASDAQ: HTHT) since January 2015
 as chief strategy officer from November 2013 to January
2015
 and as chief financial officer since March 2008. China Lodging Group is a leading and fast-growing multi-brand hotel
group in China. She has more than ten&nbsp;years of experience in finance and consulting with multinational companies.
Between 2005 and 2007
 she was Finance Director of Eli Lilly (Asia) Inc.
 Thailand Branch
 and between 2003 and 2005 she
worked as Planning and Business Development manager at Eli Lilly &amp; Company
 China
 and as Senior Financial Analyst at Eli
Lilly &amp; Company
 Latin America in 2003.&nbsp;&nbsp;She served as the Chief Financial Officer of ASIMCO Casting (Beijing)
Company
 Ltd.
 between 1998 and 2000.&nbsp;&nbsp;She also worked with McKinsey&nbsp;&amp; Company
 Inc. as a consultant
between 2000 and 2001. Ms. Zhang is the chairperson of our audit committee because of her extensive experience and background
in finance and consulting. Ms.&nbsp;Zhang obtained her Masters of Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School
in 2003
 and between 1990 and 1997 she received both Master&rsquo;s and Bachelor&rsquo;s degrees from the University of
International Business and Economics
 Beijing
 China.

. Donghao
Yang served as our Chief Financial Officer from June 10
 2010 to August 29
 2011. Mr. Yang has served as a director of our board
of directors since August 29
 2011. Mr. Yang has extensive experience in corporate finance
 commodity trading and international
business development. Mr. Yang has held senior executive and managerial positions in various public and private companies
 including
serving as Chief Financial Officer of VIP shop (NASDAQ: VPS) from August 2011 until now
 Chief Financial Officer of Greater China
of Tyson Foods
 Inc. (NYSE: TSN) from March 2007 to April 2010
 as Finance Director of Asia Pacific of Valmont Industries
 Inc.
(NYSE: VMI) from October 2003 to March 2007
 and as Director in China Minerals Brazil Holding Limited from January 1999 to April
2001. Mr. Yang earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Economics from Nankai University in 1993 and a Master of Business
Administration degree from Harvard Business School in 2003.


of office expiring at the next annual general meeting
 unless re-elected or earlier vacated in accordance with our bylaws. Our
officers are appointed by and serve at the discretion of the board of directors. All officers have a term of office lasting until
their removal or replacement by our board of directors. There are no family relationships among our directors or officers.


    
    








currently has six directors
 consisting of five independent directors
 all of whom are independent as defined by the applicable
listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Select Market.


 2008
our board of directors and stockholders approved our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 which became
effective on October 17
 2008. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors
shall be divided into three classes of directors. The three classes
 which are required to be as nearly equal in number as
possible
 will be designated class I
 class II and class III. The directors serve staggered three-year terms and hold office
until their term of office expires or until such time as they are removed from office by resolution of our stockholders. As
of the date of this Form 10-K
 Liang Zhang and Donghao Yang are class I directors; Jinrong Chen and Joseph Chow are class II
directors; and Lei Lin and Min Zhang are class III directors.




the committees described below and may establish others from time to time.




of Jinrong Chen
 Lei Lin and Min Zhang
 whom are independent as defined by the applicable listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global
Select Market. Ms. Zhang is the chairperson of our audit committee and serves as the financial expert of the committee. The audit
committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of our financial statements. The audit committee
is responsible for
 among other things:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of accounting related complaints and concerns
 including a confidential
 anonymous mechanism for the submission of concerns by employees;




    
    
periodically reviewing legal compliance matters
 including securities trading policies
 periodically reviewing significant accounting and other risks or exposures to our company
 reviewing and
 if appropriate
 approving all transactions between our company or its subsidiaries and any related party (as described in Item 404 of Regulation S-K) and periodically reviewing business expenses of our chief executive officer; and




    
    
    




    
    





consists of Jinrong Chen
 Lei Lin and Min Zhang. Ms. Chen is the chairperson of our compensation committee. The purpose of our
compensation committee is to discharge the responsibilities of our board of directors relating to compensation of our executive
officers. Specific responsibilities of our compensation committee include:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    





consists of Jinrong Chen
 Lei Lin and Min Zhang. Mr. Lin is the chairperson of our nominating committee. The purpose of our nominating
committee is to be primarily responsible for identifying individuals qualified to serve as members of the board of directors and
recommending to the board the persons to be nominated by the board as nominees for director at each annual meeting of our stockholders.
Specific responsibilities of our nominating committee include:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    


Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Requirements


the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers
 directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten
percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Based solely upon our review of these reports furnished to the Company
 we believe that
during the year ended March 31
 2015
 our officers
 directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners complied with
the Section 16(a) filing requirements.




of ethics that applies to all of the Company&rsquo;s employees
 including its principal executive officer
 principal financial
officer and principal accounting officer
 and the Board of Directors. A copy of this code is available on the Company&rsquo;s website
at 
 and is included as Exhibit 14.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
on June 16
 2008. A copy of our code of ethics may be obtained free of charge by writing to Investor Relations
 2275 Research Blvd.
Suite 500
 Rockville
 Maryland 20850. The Company intends to disclose any changes in or waivers from its code of ethics by posting
such information on its website or by filing a Form 8-K.


    
    









the material elements of compensation earned by our named executive officers during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015. Our executive
compensation programs are determined and approved by the compensation committee of our board of directors.


officers&rdquo; for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 include:



    
    
Liang Zhang
 who serves as our chairman and chief executive officer;




    
    
Ning Cai
 who serves as our chief financial officer;




    
    
Weiguo Zhang
 who serves as our president and served as our interim chief financial officer prior to the appointment of Ning Cai as of December 18
 2012;




    
    
Xisen Mu
 who serves as vice president for production management; and




    
    
Feng Zha
 who serves as vice president for human resources and administration.



the amounts reported in this Form 10-K have been converted from Renminbi to U.S. dollars based on the conversion rate as of March
31
 2015 of RMB 6.1422 to $1.00.




has responsibility for establishing
 implementing and monitoring our executive compensation program philosophy and practices. The
compensation committee seeks to ensure that the total compensation paid to our executive officers is fair
 reasonable and competitive.




believes that an effective executive compensation program should provide base annual compensation that is reasonable in relation
to the individual executive&rsquo;s job responsibilities and reward the achievement of both annual and long-term strategic goals
of our company. Because of the size of our company
 the small number of executive officers in our company
 and our company&rsquo;s
financial priorities
 the compensation committee has decided not to implement or offer any retirement plans
 deferred compensation
plans or other similar plans for our named executive officers. Accordingly
 for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 the components
of our executive compensation program consisted of cash salary only. We note
 however
 that since 2008
 the Company has maintained
the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;). The Plan provides the Company with the ability to grant stock-based awards
to all employees
 officers and directors. Although the compensation committee has not to date granted any stock-based awards
 the
compensation committee may in future years reassess the levels of equity and cash compensation offered to our executives in light
of our profitability and other performance factors.

Role of Named Executive Officers in Compensation
Decisions


annually reviews the performance of each named executive officer. The compensation committee makes all decisions with respect to
compensation for the chief executive officer. Decisions regarding the compensation of our named executive officers other than our
chief executive officer are made by our chief executive officer. According to our Compensation Committee Charter
 the compensation
committee shall have primary authority and responsibility for determining the type and level of compensation of the Chief Executive
Officer. The Chief Executive Officer in consultation with the Compensation Committee shall have primary responsibility for determining
the type and level of compensation of the other named executive officers.




compensation decisions
 neither the Company nor the compensation committee retains outside compensation consultants. Instead
the compensation committee reviews compensation data for executives of other listed companies located in China but the
Company does not use this data to benchmark the compensation of its executives. The compensation committee utilizes this data
to set compensation for our named executive officers at levels targeted at or around the average of the compensation amounts
provided to similarly situated executives at comparable local companies considering
 for each executive
 his or her
individual experience level and the responsibilities of his or her position with us. There is no pre-established policy or
target for the allocation between cash and non-cash incentive compensation.




employment agreements with each of our named executive officers. The terms and conditions of each employment agreement are the
result of negotiations between the executive officer and us
 and the framework and structure of the agreements are intended to
comply with applicable PRC labor and employment laws.


employment agreement has an indefinite term and provides for an annual base salary of approximately $293
055. Ning
Cai&rsquo;s employment agreement will end on February 28
 2017
 unless extended upon mutual agreement
 and provides for an
annual base salary of $123
734. Weiguo Zhang&rsquo;s employment agreement has an indefinite term
 and his position
as president provides for an annual base salary of $94
133. Xisen Mu&rsquo;s employment agreement has an indefinite term and
provides for an annual base salary of $123
278. Feng Zha&rsquo;s employment agreement has an indefinite term and provides
for an annual base salary of $146
723.


    
    




Fiscal Year 2015 Named Executive Officer
Compensation Components


March 31
 2015
 the principal component of compensation for our named executive officers was their base salary and bonus. We provide
named executive officers with a base salary to compensate them for services rendered during the fiscal year. The base salaries
of our named executive officers vary. The base salary for each named executive officer is based on his or her position and responsibility.
The bonus is based on his or her position and our annual overall performance
 including certain sales expectations.


salaries for executive officers
 the compensation committee and the Chief Executive Officer primarily consider:



    
    
    




    
    
internal review of the executive officer&rsquo;s compensation
 both individually and relative to other executive officers; and




    
    
    



considered annually as part of our performance review process
 as well as upon a change in job responsibility. Merit-based increases
to salaries are based on the compensation committee&rsquo;s assessment of the individual&rsquo;s performance.


did not receive any equity-based compensation for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015.




of Stockholders
 almost 100% of votes were cast
 on an advisory basis
 in favor of the &ldquo;say-on-pay&rdquo; vote on executive
compensation. As such
 the compensation committee has concluded that our stockholders are satisfied with our existing compensation
program. Based on this result and our ongoing review of our compensation policies
 we believe that our existing executive compensation
program effectively aligns the interests of our named executive officers with the long term goals of the Company.




reviewed our compensation policies and practices for all of our employees with our compensation committee. The compensation committee
has determined
 based on this review
 that our compensation policies and practices are not reasonably likely to have a material
adverse effect on our Company.




has reviewed and discussed with management the &ldquo;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&rdquo; required by Item 402(b) of Regulation
S-K and
 based on such review and discussions
 has recommended to our board of directors that the foregoing &ldquo;Compensation
Discussion and Analysis&rdquo; be included in this Annual Report.

Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors







Summary Compensation Table &mdash; Fiscal
Year Ended March 31
 2015


information regarding compensation of our named executive officers for services rendered during the fiscal year ended March 31
2015
 2014 and 2013. The amounts reported in this table for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015 have been converted from Renminbi
to U.S. dollars based on the March 31
 2015 conversion rate of RMB6.1422 to $1.00.




        
        
    

        
        
    

        
        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
293
055
    
    
    
97
685
    
    
    
390
739
    

    
    
    
    
    
292
583
    
    
    
88
750
    
    
    
381
333
    

    
    
    
    
    
172
279
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
172
279
    

    
    
    
    
    
123
734
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
123
734
    

    
    
    
    
    
107
280
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
107
280
    

    
    
    
    
    
30
354
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
30
354
    

    
    
    
    
    
94
133
    
    
    
19
537
    
    
    
112
932
    

    
    
    
    
    
95
000
    
    
    
17
750
    
    
    
112
750
    

    
    
    
    
    
117
500
    
    
    
13
400
    
    
    
130
900
    

    
    
    
    
    
123
278
    
    
    
13
676
    
    
    
136
954
    

Vice President
 Production
    
    
    
    
123
080
    
    
    
12
425
    
    
    
135
505
    

    
    
    
    
    
120
787
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
787
    

    
    
    
    
    
146
723
    
    
    
48
842
    
    
    
195
565
    

Vice President
 Human Resources
    
    
    
    
146
487
    
    
    
44
375
    
    
    
190
862
    

    
    
    
    
    
74
049
    
    
    
40
209
    
    
    
114
258
    




    
Mr. Mu and Zha
 along with our chief executive officer
 chief financial officer and president
 are our Company&rsquo;s only executive officers who earned or were paid more than $100
000 with respect to fiscal year 2015.



    
    





Plan-Based Awards &mdash; Fiscal Year Ended
March 31
 2015


executive officers received any grants of options or other stock-based awards during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015.
Additionally
 none of our named executive officers held any outstanding options or other stock-based awards as of the last
day of the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 nor did any of our named executive officers exercise any options or hold any
other stock awards that vested during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015.

Potential Payments upon Termination of Employment
or Change of Control


any arrangements with our named executive officers that provide for severance or change of control benefits. Upon a termination
of employment by us
 any employee
 including our named executive officers
 is generally entitled under PRC labor law to one month&rsquo;s
severance pay for each full year he or she has been employed with us (with a minimum of one month&rsquo;s severance pay and a maximum
of 12 months&rsquo; severance pay).

Director Compensation &mdash; Fiscal Year
Ended March 31
 2015


information regarding the compensation for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015 to members of our board of directors who were not
also employed by us (referred to as our &ldquo;non-employee directors&rdquo;) during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015. None
of our non-employee directors held any outstanding options or other stock-based awards as of March 31
 2015. Liang Zhang did not
receive any compensation for his services as a director for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015.




        
        
    

        
        
    

        

    
    
44
935
    
44
935

    
    
40
000
    
40
000

    
    
44
935
    
44
935

    
    
44
935
    
44
935

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
44
935
    
44
935




 our non-employee
directors are entitled to receive an annual cash retainer for his or her services as a director as specified in the above table.
In addition
 our non-employee directors are reimbursed for travel
 lodging and other reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses
incurred in attending meetings of the board and board committees. Our non-employee directors do not receive any equity-based awards
or any other compensation for their service as directors.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation


 Lei
Lin and Min Zhang each served on the compensation committee during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015. None of these
directors is or was an executive officer of our company or had any relationships requiring disclosure by us under the
SEC&rsquo;s rules requiring disclosure of certain relationships and related-party transactions. None of our executive
officers served as a director or a member of a compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of
any other entity
 the executive officers of which served as a director or member of our compensation committee during the
fiscal year ended March 31
 2015.


    
    




ITEM 12.&nbsp;&nbsp;SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners


forth information
 as of June 12
 2015
 regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



of common stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of beneficial
ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC
 a person is deemed to be a &ldquo;beneficial owner&rdquo; of a security if
that person has or shares &ldquo;voting power
&rdquo; which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security
or &ldquo;investment power
&rdquo; which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person
is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within
60 days after June 12
 2015. Under these rules
 more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and
a person may be deemed a beneficial owner of securities as to which he has no economic interest. Except as indicated by footnote
the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as
beneficially owned by them.


based on 57
300
713 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 12
 2015. Unless otherwise noted below
 the address of the persons
listed on the table is 2275 Research Blvd.
 Suite 500
 Rockville
 Maryland 20850.




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Liang Zhang
 Director and Chief Executive Officer(1)
    
    
36
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

Ning Cai
 Chief Financial Officer
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weiguo Zhang
 President
    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    
    

Xisen Mu
 Vice President
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Feng Zha
 Vice President
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Joseph Chow
 Director&nbsp;and Former Advisor to Chairman
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Donghao Yang
 Director and Former Chief Financial Officer
    
    
1
200
    
    
    
    
    

Jinrong Chen
 Director
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lei Lin
 Director
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Min Zhang
 Director
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
40
003
200
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P.(2)
    
    
4
000
000
    
    
    
    
    




    
    

    
    



    
This amount includes 36
000
000 shares owned by Beams Power Investment Limited
 or Beams
 a British Virgin Islands company which are pledged to certain lenders under a facility agreement. Liang Zhang has dispositive and voting power over investments by Beams. Liang Zhang&rsquo;s wife
 Xiuqing Meng
 is the sole shareholder and director of Beams. See &ldquo;Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.&rdquo;

    
    



    
According to a Schedule 13D/A filed by Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P.
 or Warburg
 with the SEC on September 1
 2008
 Warburg Pincus IX LLC
 or WP IX LLC
 is the sole general partner of Warburg. Warburg Pincus Partners LLC
 or WP Partners
 is the sole managing member of WP IX LLC
 and Warburg Pincus &amp; Co.
 or WP
 is the sole managing member of WP Partners. Charles R. Kaye and Joseph P. Landy are each a managing general partner of WP and a managing member and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Warburg Pincus LLC
 or WP LLC
 which manages Warburg. WP
 WP Partners
 WP IX LLC
 Warburg and WP LLC are collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Warburg Pincus Entities.&rdquo; Messrs. Kaye and Landy may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own the shares held by Warburg because of their affiliation with the Warburg Pincus Entities. Messrs. Kaye and Landy disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares held by Warburg except to the extent of their indirect pecuniary interest therein. The address of the Warburg Pincus Entities is 466 Lexington Avenue
 New York
 New York
 10017. This amount represents the shares of common stock held directly by the Warburg Pincus Entities.



    
    


Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans


Stock Incentive Plan which has been approved by our shareholders. The plan will terminate on June 10
 2018. To date
 we have not
issued any awards under the Plan.


forth the number of common stocks remaining available for future issuance under the plan as of March 31
 2015.




        
        
    

Number of Common Stocks to Be
Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options
 Warrants&nbsp;
        
    
    
Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights
    
    

Number of Common Stocks Remaining
Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Stocks Reflected in
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
500
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
500
000
    



    
    





ITEM 13.&nbsp;&nbsp;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Transactions with Affiliate Companies controlled
by Liang Zhang


 chief executive
officer and principal stockholder
 Liang Zhang
 and his immediate family
 controls several other companies in China.


March 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s sales to related parties mainly included feed grade milk powder and whey powder to
Ao Naier
 and powdered formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and services for related parties represent office
spaces rented to Honnete Beijing
 Ao Naier
 St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and St. Angel Cultural Communication. The following
table sets forth the value of our sales to and service for our related parties for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
4
651
    
    
    
1
780
    

Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
220
    
    
    
2
329
    



March 31
 2015 and 2014
 St. Angel Cultural Communication implemented certain marketing&nbsp;activities for the Company. The following
table sets forth the value of the service received from our related parties for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



related parties controlled by Liang Zhang. The following table sets forth the amount of indebtedness principal outstanding during
the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
Year Ended March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
860
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
860
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




term loan from related parties of $2.9 million and accumulated interest was repaid in full in fiscal year 2014. The interest expense
of related party loans for the year ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 were nil and $215
000
 respectively. The interest rate for the
loan was 10.0%.



    
    






 2014
Beams entered into a two-year facility agreement
 as borrower therein
 with Nomura Singapore Limited as mandated lead arranger
Deutsche Bank AG
 Hong Kong Branch as facility agent (the &ldquo;Facility Agent&rdquo;)
 DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Limited as international
security agent (the &ldquo;International Security Agent&rdquo;)
 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as New York security agent
(the &ldquo;New York Security Agent&rdquo;) and the Original Lender(s) as defined therein (the &ldquo;Facility Agreement&rdquo;)
for credit in an aggregate amount of fifty-five million dollars (US$55
000
000). The Facility Agreement is secured by 36
000
000
shares of our common stock (as adjusted pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Facility Agreement
 the &ldquo;Pledged Shares&rdquo;)
par value US$0.0001 per share
 held by Beams.


pledging of the Pledged Shares and entering into the Facility Agreement
 we entered into a registration rights agreement with the
Facility Agent and Beams (the &ldquo;Registration Rights Agreement&rdquo;) on March 3
 2014
 pursuant to which we agreed
 (i)&nbsp;as
soon as practicable after an event of default under the Facility Agreement has occurred and is continuing or the New York Security
Agent has become the owner of the shares in accordance with the terms of the Pledge Agreement
 to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission a registration statement for the resale of the shares and the Pledged Shares (collectively the &ldquo;Registrable
Securities&rdquo;)
 to use commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable
and to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement until the earlier of (A)&nbsp;the date on which all Registrable
Securities have been sold pursuant to the registration statement
 (B)&nbsp;the date on which all Registrable Securities have been
sold under Rule 144 under the Securities Act
 or (C)&nbsp;the passage of four years from March 3
 2014
 and (ii)&nbsp;to grant
the Facility Agent or its permitted assignees or transferees the right to two demand registrations and unlimited piggyback registrations
subject to certain conditions; provided that in each case
 we will pay all expenses associated with each registration.




PRC law and avoid restrictions on foreign investment in medical clinical operations
 we operate our medical treatment services
(mostly pre-natal diagnostics services) through Beijing Syclin Clinical Laboratory Co.
 Ltd.
 a subsidiary of Beijing Shengyuan
Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.
 that is not directly owned by us. We control and consolidate these entities into our group
consolidated results through a series of contractual arrangements which are summarized below.


Consulting and Service Agreement entered into by and between Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Nutritional&rdquo;) and
Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Huimin&rdquo;). Pursuant to this agreement
 Nutritional agrees to
provide to Huimin certain consulting services for which Huimin shall pay Nutritional a service fee in an amount equal to 10%-50%
of Huimin&rsquo;s monthly net sale
 the exact percentage to be determined by the two parties. The term of the agreement is 10 years
unless Nutritional terminates it before its expiration and Nutritional shall have the right to extend the Agreement before it expires.


Operating Agreement entered into by and among Nutritional
 Huimin
 Jibin Zhang (who is our Director of Treasury) and Yunpeng Jiang
(who is our Director of Strategic Acquisitions). Pursuant to this agreement
 Huimin agrees to conduct its business in a way that
is consistent with Nutritional&rsquo;s direction. In addition
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang authorize Nutritional to exercise
all of their respective shareholders&rsquo; rights in Huimin.


Option Agreement entered into by and among Nutritional
 Huimin
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang. Pursuant to this agreement
 within
a ten-year period and any extended period as requested by Nutritional
 Nutritional is entitled to an irrevocable and exclusive
right to purchase or authorize any third party to purchase the shares of Huimin held by Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang at the lowest
feasible price according to PRC laws and regulations. In addition
 Nutritional is entitled to call part or all of the option right
at any time during the effective period of this agreement and there is no limit on the number of calls until Nutritional hold 100%
of Huimin&rsquo;s shares.


Agreement entered into by and among Nutritional
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang. To ensure the performance of the Exclusive Consulting
and Service Agreement
 Call Option Agreement and Business Operating Agreement
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang
 as pledgers under
this agreement
 pledge all of their shares and corresponding interests and rights in Huimin to Nutritional
 as pledgee under this
agreement.


Agreement entered into by and among Nutritional
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang. Pursuant to this agreement
 Nutritional loans Jibin
Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang each RMB15
000
000 to establish companies for pre-natal diagnostic services in China. Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng
Jiang are the nominal shareholders of these companies and Nutritional is the actual shareholder of these companies.



    
    


Review
 Approval or Ratification
of Transactions with Related Parties


committee charter
 the audit committee must approve any new class of transactions involving the Company in which any of our directors
director nominees
 executive officers
 greater than five percent beneficial owners and their respective immediate family members
has a direct or indirect material interest. In doing so
 the Board takes into account
 among other factors it deems appropriate:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
Whether the transaction with the related person is proposed to be
 or was
 entered into on terms no less favorable to us than terms that could have been reached with an unrelated third party;




    
    
The purpose of
 and the potential benefits to us of
 the transaction; and




    
    
    





all Board members
 excluding Liang Zhang
 are independent under the applicable NASDAQ rules. The Board has also determined the
members of audit committee
 compensation committee and nominating committee of the Board are independent under the listing standards
of the NASDAQ Global Select Market. See Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance &ndash; Board Committees
&ndash; Audit Committee. In making these determinations
 the Board considered
 among other things
 the types and amounts of the
commercial dealings between the Company and the companies and organizations with which the directors are affiliated.


    
    


ITEM 14.&nbsp;&nbsp;PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
FEES AND SERVICES


Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP (&ldquo;Deloitte&rdquo;) as our independent auditors. The engagement was approved
by the audit committee of our Board of Directors. No relationship existed in any manner between Deloitte and us prior to the date
we engaged Deloitte.




fees of approximately $1
121
000 and $1
121
284 for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements included in Form 10-K and for the reviews of the financial statements
included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014.




for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 for audit related service.




for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 for tax related service.




fees for any other services rendered to us for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014.

Audit Committee Pre-approval Policies and
Procedures


committee&rsquo;s policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent auditors.
These services may include audit services
 audit-related services
 tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally
provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services. The
independent auditor and management are required to periodically report to the audit committee regarding the extent of
services provided by the independent auditor in accordance with this pre-approval.


    
    







ITEM 15.&nbsp;&nbsp;EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES


Filed as a Part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:


Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Report.


Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Report
 and the Consolidated Financial Schedules listed on such index filed as part of this
Report are filed as part of this Report.


on the exhibit index filed as part of this Report are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Report.


    
    






of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



    
SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.

    
    

    
    

June 12
 2015
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



appears below appoints each of Liang Zhang and&nbsp;Ning Cai
 severally and not jointly
 to be his or her&nbsp;true and lawful
attorney-in-fact and agent
 with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for him or her&nbsp;and in his or her&nbsp;name
place and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign any amendments to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
March 31
 2015; granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent
 full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and
thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person
 hereby
ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent
 or his or her substitute or substitutes
 shall lawfully do or
cause to be done by virtue hereof.


of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.




        
        
    

        
        
    

        
        

    
    
    
    
    


        
        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
June 12
 2015

    
    
    
    
    


        
        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
        
        
        
        
    
June 12
 2015


        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
June 12
 2015

    
    
    
    
    


        
        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
June 12
 2015

    
    
    
    
    


        
        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
June 12
 2015

    
    
    
    
    


        
        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
June 12
 2015

    
    
    
    
    


        
        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
June 12
 2015




    
    







        
        
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Synutra International
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 11
 2008)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Synutra International
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 11
 2008)

    
    
    

    
    
Specimen common stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 16
 2008)

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement between Shengyuan Nutritional Food and Liang Zhang
 dated December 21
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement between Shengyuan Nutritional and Weiguo Zhang
 dated June 4
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement between Sheng Yuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing R&amp;D Center and Xisen Mu
 dated September 1
 2011(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 14
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement between Sheng Yuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing R&amp;D Center and Feng Zha
 dated February 29
 2012(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 14
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement between Sheng Yuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing R&amp;D Center and Ning Cai
 dated December 18
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 13
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Common Stock Purchase
Agreement between Synutra International
 Inc. and Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P. 
 dated May 24
 2007 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on June 1
 2007)

    
    
    

    
    
Voting and Co-Sale
    Agreement among Synutra International
 Inc.
 Beams Power Investment Limited
 and Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P.
 dated
    June 15
 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on June
    1
 2007)

    
    
    

    
    
Synutra International
 Inc. 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 17
 2008)





    
    







        
        
    

        

    
    
Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under Synutra International
 Inc. 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16A to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 15
 2009)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under Synutra International
 Inc.
 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16B to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 15
 2009)

    
    
    

    
    
Exclusive Consulting and Service Agreement entered into by and between Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. dated July 20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)

    
    
    

    
    
Business Operating Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. and Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang dated July 20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)

    
    
    

    
    
Equity Disposal&nbsp;Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. and Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang dated July 20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)

    
    
    

    
    
Share Pledge Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang dated July 20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)

    
    
    



    
    
Entrustment Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang dated July 20

 2010)



    
    
    



    
    
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated March 3
 2014
 by and among Synutra International
 Inc.
&nbsp;Deutsche Bank AG
 Hong Kong Branch and Beams Power Investment Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5
 2014)



    
    
    

    
    
Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14. 1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 16
 2008)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a)
 promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a)
 promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended

    
    
    

    
    
Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer)

    
    
    

    
    
Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer)

    
    
    

    
    
Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i)&nbsp;the Consolidated Balance Sheets&mdash;March 31
 2015 and 2014
 (ii)&nbsp;the Consolidated Statements of Operations&mdash;Year Ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 (iii)&nbsp;the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income(Loss)&mdash;Year Ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 (iv)&nbsp;the Consolidated Statements of Equity&mdash;Year Ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows&mdash;Year Ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 and (vi)&nbsp;Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.





    















     





Subsidiaries of Synutra International
 Inc.




        
        
    

        
        

Synutra
 Inc.
    
    

Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Heilongjiang Longshan Dairy Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

    
    
    

Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd. 
    
    

Qingdao Xihai Jintao Cross-Border Electronic Commerce Co.
 Ltd.
    
    


Variable Interest Entity (VIE) and its subsidiary
of Synutra International
 Inc.




        
        
    

        
        

Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Beijing Syclin Clinical Laboratory Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

&nbsp;


    














     









 Liang Zhang
 certify that:&nbsp;



    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Synutra International
 Inc.;




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;





    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements

 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;







    
    



Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




Designed
such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;



Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and




Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and



Any
fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.





Date: June 12
 2015
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    














     











I
 Ning Cai
 certify that:




    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Synutra International
 Inc.;




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;





    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





    
    




Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;



Designed
such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision








Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and



Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):



All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and




Any
fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.





Date: June 12
 2015
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    














     







SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.&nbsp;




 the undersigned
Liang Zhang
 Chief Executive Officer of Synutra International
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;)
 hereby certifies
 to his knowledge
that the Registrant&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31
 2015 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and that the information contained in
the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.&nbsp;




Date: June 12
 2015
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


with the Registrant&rsquo;s Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant
 whether
made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.


    














     







SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.




 the undersigned
Ning Cai
 Chief Financial Officer of Synutra International
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;)
 hereby certifies
 to her knowledge
that the Registrant&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31
 2015 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and that the information contained in
the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.&nbsp;




Date: June 12
 2015
    

    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.&nbsp;


with the Registrant&rsquo;s Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant
 whether
made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.


    






















      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;J.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Construction in progress represents direct costs of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to property
 plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Interest expense incurred for construction of property
 plant
 and equipment is capitalized as part of the cost of such assets. The Company capitalizes interest to the extent that expenditures to construct an asset have occurred and interest costs have been incurred. Interest expense capitalized for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013 was $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt; million
 nil and nil

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;R.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Government subsidies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company receives unrestricted cash subsidies from local government agencies. The subsidies are unrestricted as to use and can be utilized by the Company in any manner it deems appropriate. The Company has utilized
 and expects to continue to utilize
 these subsidies to fund general operating expenses. The Company records unrestricted cash government subsidies as government subsidies in the consolidated statements of operations. Unrestricted cash government subsidies received for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013 were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt; million
 respectively. Government grants related to assets are recorded as deferred government subsidies and are recognized as an offset to depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the associated asset. The Group received government grants related to assets of &lt;font class=_mt&gt;nil&lt;/font&gt;
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt; million during the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. During the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;There is no private land ownership in China. Companies or individuals are authorized to possess and use the land only through land use rights granted by the PRC government. Land use rights are amortized using the straight-line method over the lease term of&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;42&lt;/font&gt; to&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;50&lt;/font&gt; years.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1254px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Land use rights
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;12
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Less: Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
419&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Land use rights
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;10
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company recorded amortization expense of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;217
000&lt;/font&gt;
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;258
000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;239
000&lt;/font&gt; for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013

  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;W.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Noncontrolling interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The noncontrolling interest represents the portion of the equity interest in the subsidiaries
 Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd. and Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.
 not directly or indirectly attributable to the Company. The noncontrolling interest reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;PREPAYMENTS
 TAX RECEIVABLES AND OTHERS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin-top: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1223px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Value added tax (VAT) in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 32px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 31px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Prepayments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Interest receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Prepaid expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
898&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;27
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;22
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin-top: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 470px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;-&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;40&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;-&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;-&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 470px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;E.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Restricted cash are bank demand deposits used as security against letter of credits


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1254px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Sheng Zhi Da Dairy Group Corporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
918&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co. Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1254px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Sheng Zhi Da Dairy Group Corporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;876&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1254px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Land use rights
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;12
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Less: Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
419&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Land use rights
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;10
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term debt borrowed in Mainland China&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;154
393&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;150
843&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term debt borrowed in Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;93
099&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;101
195&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term debt borrowed in France&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;27
561&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;275
053&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;252
038&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=12&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co.
 Ltd.*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=11&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;775&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
651&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
780&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
470&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;535&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;524&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;293&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
220&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
329&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
538&lt;/td&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Q.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Advertising and promotion expenses are expensed as incurred The service charge of the consumer loyalty program administrated by a third party was $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt; million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0pt;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;As a result of the continuous operating losses in past years
 slow market development and expected higher promotion expenditures to achieve meaningful sales. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 the prepared food assets group with a carrying amount of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;10.7&lt;/font&gt; million were written down to their fair value of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5.7&lt;/font&gt; million
 resulting in an impairment charge of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;4.7&lt;/font&gt; million on equipment and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt; million on the Huiliduo brand. Based on the nature of the assets being assessed
 the fair value for buildings and land use rights
was estimated using the direct comparison method under the market approach. The direct comparison method is a set of procedures in which a value indication is derived by comparing the real estate being appraised to similar real estate that have been sold recently. Then applying appropriate units of comparison and making adjustments to the sale prices of the comparable based on the elements of comparison such as differences in location
 size
 decoration and year of completion
 etc. to derive at the fair value of the real estate. In determining the fair value for the equipment
 the Company adopted a probability weighted average method to determine the fair value
 and concluded the fair value to be approximately $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt; million
 which was close to the equipment's salvage value. The prepared food assets group was reported under nutritional food segment.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;During the Company's annual impairment testing of indefinite lived intangible assets for fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 an impairment loss of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt; million was recognized for the Ausmeadow brand due to the lower operating performance than the Company's previous expectations. The Ausmeadow was an minor brand for powdered formula business of nutritional food segment which was acquired in 2012 at $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt; million and which represented &lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.30&lt;/font&gt;% and &lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.25&lt;/font&gt;% of Powdered Formula sales in fiscal 2014 and 2015
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;The impairment charge of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt; million in fiscal year 2014 related to the prepared food as a result of the operating loss and negative operating cash flow.&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;No&lt;/font&gt; impairment charges were recognized during the fiscal year ended March 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;A.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP). The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. Under that assumption


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;A.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP). The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. Under that assumption
 it is expected that assets will be realized and liabilities will be satisfied in the normal course of business.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;B.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries
 its consolidated variable interest entity
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. (the variable interest entity
 or VIE)
 in which it has a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is typically determined when a company holds a majority of the voting equity interest in an entity. US GAAP provides guidance on the identification and financial reporting for entities over which control is achieved through means other than voting interests
 which requires certain VIEs to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Through the contractual arrangements between the Company and the VIE
 the Company controls the operating activities and holds all the beneficial interests of the VIE and has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company has concluded that such contractual arrangements are legally enforceable. The operations associated with the consolidated VIE are insignificant and the consolidated VIE holds de minimis assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net income or loss of a subsidiary is attributed to the Company and to the noncontrolling interests on the basis of relative ownership interest. Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Company's equity therein.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;C.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company's consolidated financial statements include allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory valuation
 accrued consumer loyalty program obligations
 the useful lives of and impairment for property and equipment
 impairment of indefinite lived intangible assets
 and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;D.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use
 and which have original maturities of three months or less when purchased.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;E.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Restricted cash are bank demand deposits used as security against letter of credits
 bank acceptance bills and short-term and long-term borrowings.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;F.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accounts receivable are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectable amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. The Company performs risk assessments for each customer
 and provides a specific allowance for those deemed to have high risk of collectability. The Company also records provision for other customers without specific risks by reviewing the aging of the receivables.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;G.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is calculated on the weighted-average basis and includes all costs to acquire and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. The Company evaluates the market for its inventories on a regular basis and records a provision for loss to reduce the computed weighted-average cost if it exceeds market. Potential losses from obsolete and slow-moving inventories are recorded when identified.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;H.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are carried at cost. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;When assets are retired or disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets or
 when applicable
 the life of the lease
 whichever is shorter. The useful lives for property
 plant and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 470px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;-&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;40&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;-&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;-&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 470px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;I.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Leases are classified as capital or operating leases. A lease that transfers to the lessee substantially all the benefits and risks incidental to ownership is classified as a capital lease. At inception
 a capital lease is recorded at present value of minimum lease payments or the fair value of the asset
 whichever is less. Assets under capital leases are amortized on a basis consistent with that of similar fixed assets or the lease term
 whichever is shorter. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;J.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Construction in progress represents direct costs of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to property
 plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Interest expense incurred for construction of property
 plant
 and equipment is capitalized as part of the cost of such assets. The Company capitalizes interest to the extent that expenditures to construct an asset have occurred and interest costs have been incurred. Interest expense capitalized for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013 was $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt; million
 nil and nil
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;K.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur
 the Company measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets
 the Company would recognize an impairment loss based on the fair value of the assets.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company recorded impairment charges on its property
 plant and equipment of $4.7 million
 $1.0 million and&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;nil&lt;/font&gt; for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. See Note 14
 Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets for further details.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;L.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of indefinite lived intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Intangible assets with an indefinite life are tested for impairment on an annual basis or when current facts or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal in amount to that excess.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Management performs its annual impairment test for intangible assets with indefinite life on March 31. In fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt; million impairment loss was recorded for intangible assets. In fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;no&lt;/font&gt; intangible assets were impaired. See Note 14
 Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets for further details.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;M.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to the Company as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred taxes are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at currently enacted statutory tax rates for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Net operating losses are carried forward and credited by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. A valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified as current and non-current based on the characteristics of the underlying assets and liabilities
 or the expected timing of their use when they do not relate to a specific asset or liability.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company recognizes the impact of an uncertain income tax position at the largest amount that is more-likely-than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant tax authority. Income tax related interest and penalties is classified as income tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;N.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The functional currency and reporting currency of Synutra International
 Inc. and Synutra Illinois are United States Dollar (US Dollar).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The financial records of the Company's PRC subsidiaries are maintained in Renminbi (RMB)
 and the financial records of the Company's Netherland and French subsidiaries are maintained in Euro (EUR)
 which are their functional currencies. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date
 equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates and revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies are translated into functional currencies at the rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the functional currencies during the year are converted into the functional currencies at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing on the day transactions occurred. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in the statement of operations. Transaction gains were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt; million for the year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively and are recorded in other income (expense)
 net.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;O.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company recognizes revenue when title and risk and rewards for the products are transferred to the customer
 price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Most of the Company's nutritional food sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor arrangement
 evidenced by purchase order
 revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors. For sales of My Angel series powdered formula products
 which is directly sold to baby stores
 the revenue recognition is similar to that of distributor sales
 and the revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the baby stores. For sales of the powdered formula products directly through certain supermarket retailers
 who have a right of return clause
 the revenue is recognized until the supermarkets have paid the Company. For sales to a limited number of distributors from whom collectability is not reasonably assured
 revenue is recognized when the Company received payments.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company's gross sales are subject to various deductions
 primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers
 which are reported as a reduction of revenue.The Company provides discounts or rebates to customers in the following ways:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 24px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company offers product discounts to compensate certain distributors and supermarket retailers for promotional expenses and slotting fees paid by them. These product discounts are recognized when incurred as a reduction to gross revenue.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 24px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company offers rebates to a few distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives. These sale rebates are typically determined based on a percentage of sales after attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products by the distributors and supermarket retailers. The Company recognized a liability for the sales rebates at the time at which the related revenue is recognized by the Company
 based on the specific terms in each agreement and the expected sales of each distributor or supermarket retailer.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; margin-right: 0px; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; margin-right: 0px; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company uses a customer loyalty program administrated by a third party
 the program operator
 to conduct its promotional activities. In connection with a current revenue transaction of specific products
 the Company offers to the customer award points which can be exchanged for free products that will be delivered by the program operator
 at a future date at the customer's request. The value of the award is insignificant in relation to the value of the transactions necessary to earn the awards under other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets
 which was amounted to $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;6.6&lt;/font&gt; million as of March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013. The Company records a liability for the estimated cost of the award products. The related cost is recorded under Advertising and promotion expenses in the consolidated statement of operations
 which was amounted to $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt; million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;P.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and handling costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred and included in selling and distribution expenses. The costs were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;4.6&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.9&lt;/font&gt; million for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Q.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Advertising and promotion expenses are expensed as incurred The service charge of the consumer loyalty program administrated by a third party was $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt; million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. We reclassified the fiscal year 2013 figure from selling and distribution expenses to advertising and promotion expenses to ensure comparability.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;R.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Government subsidies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company receives unrestricted cash subsidies from local government agencies. The subsidies are unrestricted as to use and can be utilized by the Company in any manner it deems appropriate. The Company has utilized
 and expects to continue to utilize
 these subsidies to fund general operating expenses. The Company records unrestricted cash government subsidies as government subsidies in the consolidated statements of operations. Unrestricted cash government subsidies received for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013 were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt; million
 respectively. Government grants related to assets are recorded as deferred government subsidies and are recognized as an offset to depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the associated asset. The Group received government grants related to assets of &lt;font class=_mt&gt;nil&lt;/font&gt;
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt; million during the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. During the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014
 the Company received $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;4.7&lt;/font&gt; million as subsidy from the government in the form of reimbursements for promotion expenses. The Company has recorded this subsidy as a deduction of advertising and promotion expenses &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: justify; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 23pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employee's benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Mandatory contributions are made to the government's health
 retirement benefit and unemployment schemes at the statutory rates in force during the period
 based on gross salary payments. The cost of these payments is charged to the consolidated statements of operations in the same period as the related salary cost.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;T.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings (loss) per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to holders of common stock by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding during the year.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Diluted earnings (loss) per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock.&amp;nbsp;Common stock equivalents are excluded from the computation in loss periods and in periods when the average market price of the common stock exceeds the exercise price of the securities or other contracts to issue common stocks as their effects would be anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Comprehensive income (loss) is defined to include all changes in equity of the Company during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
 including currency translation adjustment.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;V.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentration of credit risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 due from related parties
 receivable from disposal of subsidiaries
 prepayments
 tax receivables and others and other assets. All of the Company's cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are held with financial institutions that the Company believes to be high credit quality.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;W.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Noncontrolling interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The noncontrolling interest represents the portion of the equity interest in the subsidiaries
 Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd. and Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.
 not directly or indirectly attributable to the Company. The noncontrolling interest reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements
 it also reported the consolidated net income at amounts that include the amounts attributable to both the parent and the noncontrolling interest on the face of the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;X.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair value measurement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value
 the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value measurement guidance provides a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets that the management has the ability to access at the measurement date.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset (i.e.
 interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level 3 inputs include unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that reflect management's assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset. The management develops these inputs based on the best information available
 including their own data.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Y.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The carrying value of financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 other assets
 accounts payable
 short-term debt
 long-term debt due within one year
 other current liabilities and due to and from related parties
 approximates their fair value at March 31
 2015 due to the relatively short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of long-term debt
 capital lease obligations and other long-term liabilities approximates its fair value as their interest rates are at the same level of the current market yield for comparable loans.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;&amp;nbsp;
&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Z.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recently issued accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In April 2014
 the FASB issued a new pronouncement which amends to change the criteria for reporting discontinued operations while enhancing disclosures in this area. It also addresses sources of confusion and inconsistent application related to financial reporting of discontinued operations guidance in U.S. GAAP. Under the new guidance
 only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations should be presented as discontinued operations. Those strategic shifts should have a major effect on the organization's operations and financial results. Examples include a disposal of a major geographic area
 a major line of business
 or a major equity method investment. In addition
 the new guidance requires expanded disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement users with more information about the assets
 liabilities
 income
 and expenses of discontinued operations. The new guidance also requires disclosure of the pre-tax income attributable to a disposal of a significant part of an organization that does not qualify for discontinued operations reporting. This disclosure will provide users with information about the ongoing trends in a reporting organization's results from continuing operations. The amendments in the ASU are effective in the first quarter of 2015 for public organizations with calendar year ends. Early adoption is permitted. The company has decided to early adopted this guidance in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued a new pronouncement which affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35
 Revenue Recognition&amp;#8212;Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. In addition
 the existing requirements for the recognition of a gain or loss on the transfer of nonfinancial assets that are not in a contract with a customer (e.g.
 assets within the scope of Topic 360
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 and intangible assets within the scope of Topic 350
 Intangibles&amp;#8212;Goodwill and Other) are amended to be consistent with the guidance on recognition and measurement (including the constraint on revenue) in this ASU.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle
 an entity should apply the following steps:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 204px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1300px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 204px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1300px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 204px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1300px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Step 3: Determine the transaction price.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 204px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1300px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 204px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1300px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For a public entity
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The FASB has tentatively decided to (1) defer for one year the effective date for both public and nonpublic entities and (2) permit entities to early adopt the standard as of the original effective date.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;An entity should apply the amendments in this ASU using one of the following two methods:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1. Retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented and the entity may elect any of the following practical expedients:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 267px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1237px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For completed contracts
 an entity need not restate contracts that begin and end within the same annual reporting period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 267px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1237px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For completed contracts that have variable consideration
 an entity may use the transaction price at the date the contract was completed rather than estimating variable consideration amounts in the comparative reporting periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 267px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1237px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For all reporting periods presented before the date of initial application
 an entity need not disclose the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations and an explanation of when the entity expects to recognize that amount as revenue.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2. Retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying this ASU recognized at the date of initial application. If an entity elects this transition method it also should provide the additional disclosures in reporting periods that include the date of initial application of:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 267px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1237px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The amount by which each financial statement line item is affected in the current reporting period by the application of this ASU as compared to the guidance that was in effect before the change.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 267px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1237px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;An explanation of the reasons for significant changes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: justify; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial statements upon adoption.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: justify; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In June 2014
 the Company sold its wholly owned subsidiary in the powdered formula segment
 Zhangjiakou Chahaer Dairy Co.
 Ltd. (Zhangjiakou) to Rightcom Co.
 Ltd. (the Purchaser) for a total cash consideration of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;28.1&lt;/font&gt; million to be paid in&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;three&lt;/font&gt; installments. As of June 30
 2014
 the Company has completed all of the closing procedures with the exception of the re-registration of land use right certificates and has effectively transferred its control on Zhangjiakou to the Purchaser. The Company considers the re-registration of land use right certificate with the relevant government bureaus to be administrative in nature. As the result of the sale
 the Company recorded a $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;15.0&lt;/font&gt; million in gain ($&lt;font class=_mt&gt;11.9&lt;/font&gt; million after tax)
 which was calculated as the total of the excess of the sale proceeds over the net book value of the assets transferred of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;20.1&lt;/font&gt; million and reclassification of foreign currency translation gain of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;7.0&lt;/font&gt; million from Other Comprehensive Income. The Purchaser made a &lt;font class=_mt&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;% payment of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5.6&lt;/font&gt; million and a &lt;font class=_mt&gt;60&lt;/font&gt;% payment of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;16.9&lt;/font&gt; million in May and July 2014 respectively. Along with the completion of the re-registration of land use right certificates
 the Company collected the remaining &lt;font class=_mt&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;% payment of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5.6&lt;/font&gt; million in May 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Prior to the sale
 the Company used Zhangjiakou to process high oil whey power to use in its production of powered formula products. Concurrently with the disposal
 the Company has entered into agreements with Zhangjiakou
 under which the Company will continue to engage Zhangjiakou in processing at least&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;16
000&lt;/font&gt; tons of whey powder for the Company over the next two years.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In July 2014
 the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with Beijing Jinkangpu Food Technology Co.
 Ltd. (Jinkangpu) to dispose its wholly owned subsidiary in the food segment
 Beijing Huiliduo Food Technology Co.
 Ltd. (Beijing Huiliduo) for a total cash consideration of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt; million to be paid in&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;two&lt;/font&gt; installments. As of September 30
 2014
 the Company has completed all of the closing procedures and has effectively transferred its control on Beijing Huiliduo to Jinkangpu. As the result of the sale
 the Company recorded a $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt; million in gain
 which was calculated as the total of the excess of the sale proceeds over the net book value of the assets transferred of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt; million. Jinkangpu made a &lt;font class=_mt&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;% payment in fiscal year 2015

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;D.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use




&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;A.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Purchase commitments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;As of March 31
 2015
 the Company had outstanding commitments of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;494
000&lt;/font&gt; for advertising purchases
 and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;30.0&lt;/font&gt; million for milk powder and whey powder within the next twelve months. According to the French Project's contracts with Sodiaal and Euroserum
 the Company committed to purchase
 and Sodiaal and Euroserum committed to sell
&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;288&lt;/font&gt; million liters of milk per year for&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt; years. This committed an amount of whey equivalent to&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;24
000&lt;/font&gt; tons of &lt;font class=_mt&gt;70&lt;/font&gt;% demineralized pre-concentrated dry whey extract per year for&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt; years
 and&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt; tons of &lt;font class=_mt&gt;70&lt;/font&gt;% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey
 for&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt; years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 to satisfy the production needs of the new drying facility. As the price of raw milk and whey for the next ten year cannot be predicted with precision
 the commitment amount above excludes the raw milk and whey purchase commitment of the French Project.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;B.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital expenditure commitments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;As of March 31
 2015
 the Company's capital expenditure commitments of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;82.8&lt;/font&gt; million are mainly related to signed contracts for construction and manufacturing equipment for the French Project.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;C.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating lease commitments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company's operating leases mainly included lease of two land use rights for 13 years and 33 years
 respectively
 under non-cancellable operating lease
 as well as office facilities and warehouses under non-cancellable operating leases. The operating lease commitments of the Company at March 31
 2015 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ending&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1411px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2021 and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;47
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;55
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The operating lease expense for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013 were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt; million

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: justify; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 23pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employee's benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Mandatory contributions are made to the government's health
 retirement benefit and unemployment schemes at the statutory rates in force during the period

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;19.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive income as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 was comprised entirely of foreign currency translation adjustments. During fiscal year 2015
 the Company 1) disposed Zhangjiakou and reclassified net currency translation adjustments totaling $7.0 million from accumulated other comprehensive income to net income; 2) disposed Beijing Huiliduo with&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;no&lt;/font&gt; reclassification of currency translation adjustments. During fiscal year 2014
 the Company disposed of&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;one&lt;/font&gt; immaterial subsidiary
 with&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;no&lt;/font&gt; reclassification of currency translation adjustments. During fiscal year 2013


&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Comprehensive income (loss) is defined to include all changes in equity of the Company during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners


&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;V.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentration of credit risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 due from related parties
 receivable from disposal of subsidiaries
 prepayments

  
  
  
  

 INC.&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;ADDITIONAL INFORMATION - FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE I&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;BALANCE SHEETS&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars and shares in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Current Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Due from subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;50
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Investments in subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6
038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;113
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;65
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;LIABILITIES AND EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Current Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Due to subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
962&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Equity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Common stockholders' equity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Common stock
 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized; 57
301 and 57
301 issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Additional paid-in capital&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;135
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;135
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(35
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(104
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;11
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;30
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;111
926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;61
396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;113
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;65
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1066px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Interest income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Dividend income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Other income
 net&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Other expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Gain on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Equity in income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;71
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;29
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(65
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;69
533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;30
929&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(63
888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Weighted average common stock outstanding &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Earnings (loss) per share-basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(1.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=11&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1066px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;69
533&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;30
929&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(63
888&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; text-indent: 27pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Currency translation adjustment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(11
992&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
701&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(232&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; text-indent: 27pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Reclassification of currency translation adjustments realized upon disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(7
011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
141&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(19
003&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
701&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
373&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;50
530&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;32
630&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(67
261&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=11&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Cash flow from operating activities:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=3&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=3&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=3&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1050px; text-align: left;&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;69
533&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;30
929&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;(63
888&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Equity in (income) loss of subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(71
265&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(29
064&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;65
893&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Gain on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(3
625&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Dividend income&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(2
046&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;118&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;118&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;118&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Changes in assets and liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Due from subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(46&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(18
103&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;92&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Due to subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
153&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(8
665&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1
588&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
525&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Other long term liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
260&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1
290&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;Other assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(707&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1
021&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;456&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(27
943&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Cash flow from investing activities:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Payment to subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(3
877&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Repayment from subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;7
318&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Proceeds from disposal&amp;nbsp;and liquidation of&amp;nbsp;subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;28
246&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Capital repayment from a subsidiarie&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;917&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;Dividend from subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;2
046&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;Net cash provided by investing activities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;4
358&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;2
046&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;28
246&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Cash flow from financing activities:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;Repayment of long-term loan&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(2
860&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;Net cash by (used in) financing activities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(2
860&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Net change in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3
337&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(358&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;303&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;719&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1
077&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;774&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;4
056&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;719&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;1
077&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note to Schedule I&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 61px; text-align: justify; padding-right: 0.8pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 14px; text-align: justify; padding-right: 0.8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1486px; text-align: justify; padding-right: 0.8pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Schedule I has been provided pursuant to the requirements of Rule 12-04(a) and 5-04(c) of Regulation S-X
 which require condensed financial information as to the financial position
 changes in financial position and results of operations of a parent company as of the same dates and for the same periods for which audited consolidated financial statements have been presented when the restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiaries exceed 25 percent of consolidated net assets as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 61px; text-align: justify; padding-right: 0.8pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 14px; text-align: justify; padding-right: 0.8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1486px; text-align: justify; padding-right: 0.8pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The condensed financial information of Synutra International Inc. has been prepared using the same accounting policies as set out in the accompanying consolidated financial statements except that the equity method has been used to account for investments in its subsidiaries.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 61px; text-align: justify; padding-right: 0.8pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 14px; text-align: justify; padding-right: 0.8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1486px; text-align: justify; padding-right: 0.8pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted. The footnote disclosures contain supplemental information relating to the operations of the Company and
 as such
 these statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 61px; text-align: justify; padding-right: 0.8pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 14px; text-align: justify; padding-right: 0.8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1486px; text-align: justify; padding-right: 0.8pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;As of March 31
 2015
 there were no material contingencies
 significant provisions of long-term obligations
 mandatory dividend or redemption requirements of redeemable stocks or guarantees of the Company
 except for those which have been separately disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statement


&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;B.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries
 its consolidated variable interest entity
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. (the variable interest entity
 or VIE)
 in which it has a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is typically determined when a company holds a majority of the voting equity interest in an entity. US GAAP provides guidance on the identification and financial reporting for entities over which control is achieved through means other than voting interests
 which requires certain VIEs to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Through the contractual arrangements between the Company and the VIE
 the Company controls the operating activities and holds all the beneficial interests of the VIE and has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company has concluded that such contractual arrangements are legally enforceable. The operations associated with the consolidated VIE are insignificant and the consolidated VIE holds de minimis assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;DEBT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company's debts consisted of the following&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Short-term debt&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;145
639&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;115
917&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term debt due within one year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;130
426&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;91
505&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total debt
 current&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;276
065&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;207
422&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term debt
 non-current portion&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;144
627&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;160
533&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;420
692&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;367
955&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Short-term debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company's short-term debt consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Short-term debt secured by fixed assets totaling nil and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5
267&lt;/font&gt;
 respectively&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6
502&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Short-term debt secured by land use right of nil and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3
929&lt;/font&gt;
 respectively&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
438&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Short-term debt secured by restricted cash deposits of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;68
966&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;17
006&lt;/font&gt;
 respectively&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;116
333&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;20
480&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Short-term credit debt&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;29
306&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;86
497&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;145
639&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;115
917&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;As of March 31
 2015
 the maturity dates of the short-term debt outstanding range from&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;June 2015&lt;/font&gt; to &lt;font class=_mt&gt;March 2016&lt;/font&gt;. The weighted average interest rate on short-term debt outstanding at March 31
 2015 and 2014 was &lt;font class=_mt&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt;% and &lt;font class=_mt&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;%
 respectively. Certain portion of these debts use floating interest rates
 which are calculated based on the benchmark lending interest rate published by China's central bank or on LIBOR. are &amp;#128;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;20.0&lt;/font&gt; million (equivalent to $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;21.7&lt;/font&gt; million).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The long-term debts
 including current portion
 as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 are comprised of:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term debt borrowed in Mainland China&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;154
393&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;150
843&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term debt borrowed in Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;93
099&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;101
195&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term debt borrowed in France&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;27
561&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;275
053&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;252
038&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term debt borrowed in Mainland China&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;154
393&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;150
843&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term debt borrowed in Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;93
099&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;101
195&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term debt borrowed in France&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;27
561&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;275
053&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;252
038&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;As of March 31
 2015
 among the long-term debts which were borrowed in Mainland China
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;11.9&lt;/font&gt; million was secured by restricted cash deposits of $&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;14.3&lt;/font&gt; million and the rest $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;142.5&lt;/font&gt; million were credit debts. These debts used floating interest rates
 which are calculated based on the benchmark lending interest rate published by China's central bank
 or LIBOR. The maturity dates range from&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;June 2015&lt;/font&gt; to &lt;font class=_mt&gt;February 2018&lt;/font&gt;. A long-term loan of &amp;#128;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;11.0&lt;/font&gt; million (equivalent to $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;11.9&lt;/font&gt; million) which will due in&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;February 2018&lt;/font&gt; is restricted to the purpose of construction of the French project as of March 31
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;As of &lt;font class=_mt&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;
 the long-term debts which were borrowed in Hong Kong were secured by restricted cash deposit of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;75.6&lt;/font&gt; million. These debts used floating interest rates
 which are calculated based on LIBOR. The maturity dates of the used facility range from&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;May 2015&lt;/font&gt; to &lt;font class=_mt&gt;November 2016&lt;/font&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;As of March 31
 2015
 the long-term debts which were borrowed in France were secured by restricted cash deposit of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;37.4&lt;/font&gt; million. These debts used floating interest rates
 which are calculated based on LIBOR. The maturity dates of the borrowed debts range from&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;January 2019&lt;/font&gt; to &lt;font class=_mt&gt;February 2019&lt;/font&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;As of March 31
 2015
 the Company had unused committed long-term loan facility for Synutra France of &amp;#128;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;53.0&lt;/font&gt; million (equivalent to $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;57.5&lt;/font&gt; million) from a bank. This facility used floating interest rate
 which was calculated based on LIBOR. The term of this facility was&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;eight&lt;/font&gt; years
 commencing from the actual drawdown date. This facility was pledged by all the long-lived assets of Synutra France. The Company had begun to use the facility in April 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The weighted average interest rate as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 for the long-term debts was &lt;font class=_mt&gt;4.4&lt;/font&gt;% and &lt;font class=_mt&gt;4.6&lt;/font&gt;%
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Borrowings denominated in RMB
 USD and EUR were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;171.8&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;187.7&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;61.2&lt;/font&gt; million as of March 31
 2015
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Maturities on long-term debt
 including current and non-current portion
 subject to mandatory redemption are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ending March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1301px; text-align: left;&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 188px; text-align: right;&gt;130
426&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;75
174&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;41
892&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;27
561&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;275
053&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The total amount of interest cost incurred for loans was $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;17.3&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;15.6&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;14.8&lt;/font&gt; million
 and the amount thereof that has been capitalized was $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt; million
 nil and nil
 for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1223px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Value added tax (VAT) in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 32px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 31px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Prepayments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Interest receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Prepaid expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
898&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;27
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;22
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;T.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings (loss) per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.25in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For purposes of calculating basic and diluted earnings per share
 the Company used the following weighted average common stocks outstanding:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.25in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands except for per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1003px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;69
533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;30
929&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(63
888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Weighted average common stock outstanding &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Earnings (loss) per share &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(1.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.25in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.25in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company granted ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
 Hong Kong Branch (now known as The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V. (RBS)) warrants to purchase&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;400
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock in connection with the RBS Loan in fiscal year 2008. The warrant agreement expired on June 30

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;b&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant Other Observable Inputs&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;b&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant Unobservable Inputs&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;b&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;March 31
 2015:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=17&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 518px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 188px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 31px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 219px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- Prepared food equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- Brands of Ausmeadow and Huiliduo&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;March 31
 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=17&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- Prepared food equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The following table sets forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy
 the Company's assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of March 31
 2015 and 2014. The Company did not have any items recorded at fair value on a recurring basis subsequent to initial recognition as of March 31
 2015 and 2014. All these items related to the nutritional food segment.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;b&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant Other Observable Inputs&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;b&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant Unobservable Inputs&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;b&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;March 31
 2015:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=17&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 518px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 188px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 31px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 219px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- Prepared food equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- Brands of Ausmeadow and Huiliduo&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;March 31
 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=17&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- Prepared food equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In fiscal year 2015
 there was an other-than-temporary impairment of $4.7 million charged against the prepared food equipment assets of Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. (Huiliduo)
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt; million related to Huiliduo brand and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt; million related to the Ausmeadow brand. The impairment loss of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt; million in fiscal year 2014 was related to the prepared food equipment assets. The Company has categorized these impairments as a level 3 fair value measurement. See Note 14


&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;X.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair value measurement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value
 the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value measurement guidance provides a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets that the management has the ability to access at the measurement date.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset (i.e.
 interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level 3 inputs include unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that reflect management's assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset. The management develops these inputs based on the best information available


&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Y.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The carrying value of financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 other assets
 accounts payable
 short-term debt
 long-term debt due within one year
 other current liabilities and due to and from related parties
 approximates their fair value at March 31
 2015 due to the relatively short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of long-term debt

  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;N.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The functional currency and reporting currency of Synutra International
 Inc. and Synutra Illinois are United States Dollar (US Dollar).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The financial records of the Company's PRC subsidiaries are maintained in Renminbi (RMB)
 and the financial records of the Company's Netherland and French subsidiaries are maintained in Euro (EUR)
 which are their functional currencies. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date
 equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates and revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies are translated into functional currencies at the rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the functional currencies during the year are converted into the functional currencies at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing on the day transactions occurred. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in the statement of operations. Transaction gains were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt; million for the year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively and are recorded in other income (expense)

  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;L.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of indefinite lived intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Intangible assets with an indefinite life are tested for impairment on an annual basis or when current facts or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal in amount to that excess.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Management performs its annual impairment test for intangible assets with indefinite life on March 31. In fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt; million impairment loss was recorded for intangible assets. In fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;no&lt;/font&gt; intangible assets were impaired. See Note 14

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;K.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur
 the Company measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets
 the Company would recognize an impairment loss based on the fair value of the assets.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company recorded impairment charges on its property
 plant and equipment of $4.7 million
 $1.0 million and&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;nil&lt;/font&gt; for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. See Note 14

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;A.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax law of each tax jurisdiction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;United States&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Under the federal and state income tax laws of United States
 the Company is subject to tax on its income or capital gains. The applicable rate is &lt;font class=_mt&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;% for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Netherlands&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company's subsidiary incorporated in the Netherlands is subject to Netherland's profit tax. The applicable rate is &lt;font class=_mt&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;% on the first EUR&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;200
000&lt;/font&gt; of taxable profits
 and &lt;font class=_mt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;% for taxable profits exceeding EUR 200
000 for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;France&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company's subsidiary in France is subject to profit tax at&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;33&lt;/font&gt; 1/3% on assessable income.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company's subsidiary in Hong Kong is subject to profit tax at &lt;font class=_mt&gt;16.5&lt;/font&gt;% on assessable income.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;China&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On March 16
 2007
 the National People's Congress of the PRC approved and promulgated the new Enterprise Income Tax Law (EIT Law)
 which took effect beginning January 1
 2008. Under the new EIT law
 foreign investment enterprises and domestic companies are subject to a uniform tax rate of &lt;font class=_mt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;%. The new tax law provides a transition period from its effective date for certain qualifying enterprises which were established before the promulgation date of the new tax law and which were entitled to certain preferential lower tax rate or tax holiday under the then effective tax laws or regulations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Some of the Company's PRC subsidiaries are eligible under the transition rules to continue enjoying tax holidays or reduced tax rate until expiration. The following table illustrates the applicable tax rate and tax holidays of major PRC subsidiaries under the new EIT Law:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 690px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Name of Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 173px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Statutory Tax Rate Beginning January 1
 2008&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 673px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax Holiday (based on calendar year)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;12.5&lt;/font&gt;% (2012)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;12.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;% (2012); high-tech enterprise at &lt;font class=_mt&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;% (2014
 2015)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Syclin Clinical Laboratory Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;25%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In accordance with the EIT Law
 dividends which arise from profits of foreign invested enterprises (FIEs) earned after January 1
 2008 are subject to a &lt;font class=_mt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;% withholding tax. In addition
 under the tax arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong
 if the foreign investor is incorporated in Hong Kong and qualifies as the beneficial owner
 the applicable withholding tax rate is reduced from &lt;font class=_mt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;% to &lt;font class=_mt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;%
 if the investor holds at least &lt;font class=_mt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;% in the FIE. A deferred tax liability should be recognized for the undistributed profits of PRC companies unless the Company has sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the undistributed dividends will be indefinitely reinvested. As of March 31
 2015
 all earnings generated in countries/areas other than United States are intended to be indefinitely reinvested and as a result
 the Company did not record any deferred tax liability on such undistributed earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;B.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Components of income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For financial reporting purposes
 income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) includes the following components:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1082px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;21
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
045&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Netherlands&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;France&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(4
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(1
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1082px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;49
994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;30
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(25
462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;67
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;30
478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(27
035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;C.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reconciliation from the statutory income tax rate to reported amount of income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The income tax expense (benefit) reconciled to the tax expense (benefit) computed at the US statutory rate was approximately as follows for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Income tax expense (benefit) at US federal statutory rate of 34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;22
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;10
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(9
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Foreign tax rate differential&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;PRC tax holiday effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(26
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(7
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;46
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(262)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Change of deferred tax assets due to tax loss expiration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Effect of change in tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(1
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Nondeductible items&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total income tax (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&amp;nbsp;expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(4
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;37
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd. enjoys a preferential tax rate of &lt;font class=_mt&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;%
 PRC tax holiday
 which may be extended if the requirements of High and New Technology Enterprise are satisfied. The impact of this PRC tax holiday decreased income taxes by $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt; million
 nil and nil for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The benefit of the PRC tax holidays on basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share was $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;
&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;nil&lt;/font&gt; and&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;nil&lt;/font&gt; for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;D.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred tax assets by type of temporary difference
 credits and change in valuation allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company's net deferred tax assets are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1223px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Inventory write-down&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Acquisition of assets under fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1223px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;7
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Bad debt provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accrued rebate and sales discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;13
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;21
680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(21
680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;12
267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; non current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;15
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Acquisition of assets under fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-lived assets write-down&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Bad debt provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;16
924&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(8
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(16
924&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: right; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The net change during the year in the total valuation allowance is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1223px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;38
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;56
971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Additions (releases) during the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(26
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(18
341&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Deconsolidation due to disposal of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;38
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company uses the asset and liability method to record related deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company considers positive and negative evidence to determine whether some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized. This assessment considers
 among other matters
 the nature
 frequency and severity of recent losses
 forecasts of future profitability
 the duration of statutory carryforward periods
 the Company's experience with tax attributes expiring unused and tax planning alternatives. Valuation allowances have been established for deferred tax assets based on a more likely than not threshold. The Company's ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on its ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods provided for under the tax law.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin-left: 0in; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.25in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Based on the past ten consecutive quarters of operating income and the level of projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible
 the Company believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of the deductible differences of Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 a major subsidiary
 therefore no valuation allowance was made for the $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;12.8&lt;/font&gt; million deferred tax assets as of March 31
 2015. As for the remaining deferred tax assets of other subsidiaries
 the Company believes it is not more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of the deductible differences
 therefore full valuation allowance of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;9.0&lt;/font&gt; million was accrued as of March 31
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company disposed and liquidated certain subsidiaries in fiscal year 2015 and 2014. As a result
 the Company derecognized deferred tax assets and released valuation allowance related to these subsidiaries of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt; million and nil in fiscal year 2015 and 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;E.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant components of income tax expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Income taxes for the PRC subsidiaries are calculated on a separate entity basis. Each of the Company's PRC subsidiaries files stand-alone tax returns. The income tax expense for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013 are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Current tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- Netherlands&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- HK&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- US&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- Intercompany profit elimination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(248)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Subtotal&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;7
113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Uncertain tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(262)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Subtotal&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Deferred tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- US&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;- PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(12
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;36
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(11
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;36
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(4
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;37
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;F.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Uncertain tax positions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company made its assessment of the level of authority for each tax position (including the potential application of interests and penalties) based on the technical merits
 and has measured the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. These liabilities are recorded in other long term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognizes the liability for unrecognized tax benefits
 and the associated interest and penalties within the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The Company believes that it is reasonably possible that&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;none&lt;/font&gt; of its currently other remaining unrecognized tax benefits may be recognized by the end of calendar year 2015 as a result of a lapse of the statute of limitations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The following is a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits for the years presented:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Additions in the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Release in the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The reduction of the uncertain tax position of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt; million in the fiscal year 2015 is related to the disposal of subsidiaries
 Zhangjiakou and Huiliduo. The increment of the uncertain tax position of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt; million in fiscal year 2015 is related to a position taken by parent company which more likely than not will not be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. The reduction of the uncertain tax position of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt; million in the fiscal year 2013 is related to the tax de-registration of a subsidiary
 Heilongjiang Mingshan Dairy Co.
 Ltd. The balance of unrecognized tax benefits at March 31
 2015
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;According to PRC Tax Administration and Collection Law
 the statute of limitations is&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;three&lt;/font&gt; years if the underpayment of taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer or withholding agent. The statute of limitations will be extended to&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;five&lt;/font&gt; years under special circumstances
 which are not clearly defined (but an underpayment of tax liability exceeding RMB&lt;font class=_mt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt; is specifically listed as a special circumstance). In the case of a related party transaction
 the statute of limitations is ten years. There is no statute of limitations in the case of tax evasion. The Company's PRC subsidiaries are therefore generally subject to examination by the PRC tax authorities from calendar year 2010 through 2014 on non-transfer pricing matters

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;M.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to the Company as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred taxes are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at currently enacted statutory tax rates for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Net operating losses are carried forward and credited by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. A valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified as current and non-current based on the characteristics of the underlying assets and liabilities
 or the expected timing of their use when they do not relate to a specific asset or liability.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1254px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Registered trademark (indefinite life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Gross and net carrying amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The intangible assets as of March 31
 2015 represent $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt; million for registered trademark of Dutch Cow and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;98
000&lt;/font&gt; for registered trademark of Ausmeadow
 which are used for the Company's nutritional food products.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The intangible assets as of March 31
 2014 represent $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.1&lt;/font&gt; million for registered trademark of Dutch Cow
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;878
000&lt;/font&gt; for registered trademark of Ausmeadow
 and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;337
000&lt;/font&gt; for registered trademark of Huiliduo

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company's inventories at March 31
 2015 and 2014 are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1254px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;50
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;44
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Work-in-progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;17
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;12
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;19
271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;26
663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;87
754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;83
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The value of goods-in-transit included in raw materials was $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;11.9&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;11.4&lt;/font&gt; million as of March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 which mainly represented the purchase of milk powder and whey protein from international sources.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company recorded lower of cost or market provisions for inventory of $9.7 million
 $6.5 million and $12.5 million for the years ended March 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013

  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;G.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;I.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Leases are classified as capital or operating leases. A lease that transfers to the lessee substantially all the benefits and risks incidental to ownership is classified as a capital lease. At inception
 a capital lease is recorded at present value of minimum lease payments or the fair value of the asset
 whichever is less. Assets under capital leases are amortized on a basis consistent with that of similar fixed assets or the lease term


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;OBLIGATIONS UNDER CAPITAL LEASE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company has entered into leases for building and warehouse under capital lease arrangement with terms varying from&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;13&lt;/font&gt; to&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;33&lt;/font&gt; years. Future minimum capital lease payments at March 31
 2015 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ending March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1411px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2021 and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;15
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;18
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Less:&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Amount representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;11
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Present value of minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;7
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1411px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;7
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;7
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company recorded depreciation expense of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;177
000&lt;/font&gt;
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;176
000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;92
000&lt;/font&gt; for capital leased assets for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 and recorded interest expense of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;525
000&lt;/font&gt;
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;555
000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;201
000&lt;/font&gt; for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The interest rates associated with the capital leases are from &lt;font class=_mt&gt;6.8&lt;/font&gt;% to &lt;font class=_mt&gt;7.83&lt;/font&gt;% per annum.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #d5eaea;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Mainland China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;104
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;137
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;France&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;91
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;19
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #d5eaea;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;195
742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;156
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Company or Synutra) are principally engaged in production
 distribution and sales of dairy based nutritional products under the Shengyuan or Synutra line of brands in the People's Republic of China (China or PRC). The Company focuses on selling powdered formula products for infant and adult
 and also engages in other nutritional product offerings

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Z.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recently issued accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In April 2014
 the FASB issued a new pronouncement which amends to change the criteria for reporting discontinued operations while enhancing disclosures in this area. It also addresses sources of confusion and inconsistent application related to financial reporting of discontinued operations guidance in U.S. GAAP. Under the new guidance
 only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations should be presented as discontinued operations. Those strategic shifts should have a major effect on the organization's operations and financial results. Examples include a disposal of a major geographic area
 a major line of business
 or a major equity method investment. In addition
 the new guidance requires expanded disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement users with more information about the assets
 liabilities
 income
 and expenses of discontinued operations. The new guidance also requires disclosure of the pre-tax income attributable to a disposal of a significant part of an organization that does not qualify for discontinued operations reporting. This disclosure will provide users with information about the ongoing trends in a reporting organization's results from continuing operations. The amendments in the ASU are effective in the first quarter of 2015 for public organizations with calendar year ends. Early adoption is permitted. The company has decided to early adopted this guidance in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued a new pronouncement which affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35
 Revenue Recognition&amp;#8212;Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. In addition
 the existing requirements for the recognition of a gain or loss on the transfer of nonfinancial assets that are not in a contract with a customer (e.g.
 assets within the scope of Topic 360
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 and intangible assets within the scope of Topic 350
 Intangibles&amp;#8212;Goodwill and Other) are amended to be consistent with the guidance on recognition and measurement (including the constraint on revenue) in this ASU.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle
 an entity should apply the following steps:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 204px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1300px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 204px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1300px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 204px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1300px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Step 3: Determine the transaction price.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 204px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1300px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 204px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1300px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For a public entity
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The FASB has tentatively decided to (1) defer for one year the effective date for both public and nonpublic entities and (2) permit entities to early adopt the standard as of the original effective date.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;An entity should apply the amendments in this ASU using one of the following two methods:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1. Retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented and the entity may elect any of the following practical expedients:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 267px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1237px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For completed contracts
 an entity need not restate contracts that begin and end within the same annual reporting period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 267px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1237px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For completed contracts that have variable consideration
 an entity may use the transaction price at the date the contract was completed rather than estimating variable consideration amounts in the comparative reporting periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 267px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1237px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For all reporting periods presented before the date of initial application
 an entity need not disclose the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations and an explanation of when the entity expects to recognize that amount as revenue.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2. Retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying this ASU recognized at the date of initial application. If an entity elects this transition method it also should provide the additional disclosures in reporting periods that include the date of initial application of:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 267px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1237px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The amount by which each financial statement line item is affected in the current reporting period by the application of this ASU as compared to the guidance that was in effect before the change.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 267px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Symbol; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1237px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;An explanation of the reasons for significant changes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1254px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accrued discount
 rebate and slotting fee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;24
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;18
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Payroll and bonus payables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8
825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accrued selling expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accrued advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;46
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;45
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;20.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;MAINLAND CHINA CONTRIBUTION PLAN AND RESTRICTED NET ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;A.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;China Contribution Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Full time employees of the Company in the PRC participate in a government-mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits
 medical care
 unemployment insurance and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. The PRC government is directly responsible for the payments of the benefits to these retired employees. PRC labor regulations require the Company to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentage of the employees' salaries. The total contribution for such employee benefits were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;7.5&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;7.1&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;7.0&lt;/font&gt; million for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The Company has no further obligations subsequent to payment of these amounts to the PRC government.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;B.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted Net Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Relevant PRC statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the Company's PRC subsidiaries only out of their retained earnings
 if any
 as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. PRC laws and regulations require that annual appropriations of &lt;font class=_mt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;% of after-tax income should be set aside prior to payment of dividends as a general reserve fund. In addition
 there are restrictions on the distribution of share capital from the Company's PRC subsidiaries. As a result of these PRC laws and regulations
 the Company's PRC subsidiaries and PRC affiliates are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company in the form of dividends
 loans or advances
 which restricted portion amounted to RMB&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;716.7&lt;/font&gt; million (equivalently $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;116.7&lt;/font&gt; million) as of March 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 cost:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1223px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Capital lease of building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;80
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;86
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;65
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;88
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;11
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;11
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;167
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;196
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Capital lease of building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;17
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;17
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;44
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;48
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;75
172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;77
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;94
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;26
520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;187
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;145
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Land represents a parcel of land acquired for the Company's French subsidiary.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Construction in progress mainly represents construction and equipment purchase for the French subsidiary as of March 31
 2015 and 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company recorded depreciation expense for owned assets and capital leased assets of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;15.2&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;15.1&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;14.7&lt;/font&gt; million for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;H.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are carried at cost. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;When assets are retired or disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets or
 when applicable
 the life of the lease
 whichever is shorter. The useful lives for property
 plant and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 470px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;20 - 40 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5 - 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3 - 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 470px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 cost:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1223px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Capital lease of building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;80
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;86
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;65
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;88
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;11
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;11
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;167
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;196
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Capital lease of building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;17
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;17
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;44
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;48
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;75
172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;77
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;94
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;26
520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;187
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;145
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;21.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.25in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Summarized quarterly financial information in fiscal years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.25in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;85
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;102
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;115
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;110
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;82
205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;88
556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;101
034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;98
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;38
763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;43
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;52
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;54
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;36
081&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;38
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;40
303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;38
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;17
940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;10
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;17
264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;24
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6
073&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;10
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Weighted average common stock outstanding &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Earnings per share &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;F.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accounts receivable are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectable amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. The Company performs risk assessments for each customer


&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability
 directly or indirectly
 to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The following entities are considered to be related parties to the Company because they are affiliates of the Company under the ultimate common control of the Company's major shareholder. The nature of each entity is discussed in the table below:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=2&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 623px;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Related Party&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 59px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 873px;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Business Nature&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Sheng Zhi Da Dairy Group Corporation&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(Sheng Zhi Da)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Engages in buying and selling packaging materials
 vitamin and mineral pre-mixes
 and other food ingredients.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co. Ltd. (Kelqin)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Produces and distributes retail-packaged yogurt products in Beijing. Kelqin was sold to a third party in April 2013
 and was no longer considered a related party from that date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Engages in distribution of the Company's powdered formula products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=2&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 623px;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(St. Angel Cultural Communication)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 59px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 873px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Engages in television designing and programming.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd. (Honnete Beijing)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Engages in importing and distributing whey protein products to commercial customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (Lvyin)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Engages in waste disposal and sewage treatment activities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Dongan Hengxin Property Development Co.
 Ltd. (Dongan Hengxin)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Engages in property development activities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd. (Ao Naier)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Engages in feed processing activities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;A.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Related party balances&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;a.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Due from related parties
 including current and non-current portion&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1254px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Sheng Zhi Da Dairy Group Corporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
918&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co. Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;b.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Due to related parties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1254px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Sheng Zhi Da Dairy Group Corporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;876&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The amount due to and due from related parties were unsecured and interest free.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT,Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif; size=2&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;B.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Sales to and services rendered for related parties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In fiscal year 2015 and 2014
 the Company's sales to related parties mainly included feed grade milk powder and whey powder to Ao Naier
 and powdered formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and services for related parties including office spaces rented to Honnete Beijing
 Ao Naier
 St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and St. Angel Cultural Communication. In fiscal year 2013
 the Company's sales to related parties mainly included whey protein powder to Honnete Beijing
 feed grade milk powder to Ao Naier
 and powdered formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and services for related parties represent office spaces rented to Honnete Beijing
 Ao Naier and St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=11&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;775&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
651&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
780&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
470&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;535&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;524&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;293&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
220&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
329&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
538&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;C.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Purchases from related parties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In fiscal year 2015 and 2014
 St. Angel Cultural Communication provided certain marketing services for the Company. In fiscal year 2013
 the Company purchased the raw material from Honnete Beijing as well.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=12&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co.
 Ltd.*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;O.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company recognizes revenue when title and risk and rewards for the products are transferred to the customer
 price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Most of the Company's nutritional food sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor arrangement
 evidenced by purchase order
 revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors. For sales of My Angel series powdered formula products
 which is directly sold to baby stores
 the revenue recognition is similar to that of distributor sales
 and the revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the baby stores. For sales of the powdered formula products directly through certain supermarket retailers
 who have a right of return clause
 the revenue is recognized until the supermarkets have paid the Company. For sales to a limited number of distributors from whom collectability is not reasonably assured
 revenue is recognized when the Company received payments.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company's gross sales are subject to various deductions
 primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers
 which are reported as a reduction of revenue.The Company provides discounts or rebates to customers in the following ways:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 24px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company offers product discounts to compensate certain distributors and supermarket retailers for promotional expenses and slotting fees paid by them. These product discounts are recognized when incurred as a reduction to gross revenue.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 13px Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 24px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company offers rebates to a few distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives. These sale rebates are typically determined based on a percentage of sales after attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products by the distributors and supermarket retailers. The Company recognized a liability for the sales rebates at the time at which the related revenue is recognized by the Company
 based on the specific terms in each agreement and the expected sales of each distributor or supermarket retailer.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; margin-right: 0px; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; margin-right: 0px; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company uses a customer loyalty program administrated by a third party
 the program operator
 to conduct its promotional activities. In connection with a current revenue transaction of specific products
 the Company offers to the customer award points which can be exchanged for free products that will be delivered by the program operator
 at a future date at the customer's request. The value of the award is insignificant in relation to the value of the transactions necessary to earn the awards under other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets
 which was amounted to $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;6.6&lt;/font&gt; million as of March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013. The Company records a liability for the estimated cost of the award products. The related cost is recorded under Advertising and promotion expenses in the consolidated statement of operations
 which was amounted to $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt; million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1254px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accrued discount
 rebate and slotting fee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;24
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;18
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Payroll and bonus payables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8
825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accrued selling expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accrued advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;46
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;45
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Current tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- Netherlands&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- HK&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- US&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- Intercompany profit elimination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(248)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Subtotal&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;7
113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Uncertain tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(262)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Subtotal&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Deferred tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- US&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;- PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(12
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;36
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(11
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;36
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(4
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;37
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Short-term debt&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;145
639&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;115
917&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term debt due within one year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;130
426&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;91
505&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total debt
 current&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;276
065&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;207
422&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term debt
 non-current portion&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;144
627&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;160
533&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;420
692&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;367
955&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1223px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Inventory write-down&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Acquisition of assets under fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1223px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;7
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Bad debt provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accrued rebate and sales discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;13
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;21
680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(21
680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;12
267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; non current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;15
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Acquisition of assets under fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-lived assets write-down&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Bad debt provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;16
924&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(8
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(16
924&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands except for per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1003px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;69
533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;30
929&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(63
888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Weighted average common stock outstanding &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Earnings (loss) per share &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(1.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Income tax expense (benefit) at US federal statutory rate of 34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;22
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;10
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(9
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Foreign tax rate differential&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;PRC tax holiday effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(26
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(7
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;46
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(262)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Change of deferred tax assets due to tax loss expiration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Effect of change in tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(1
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Nondeductible items&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total income tax (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&amp;nbsp;expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(4
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;37
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ending March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1411px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2021 and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;15
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;18
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Less:&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Amount representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;11
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Present value of minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;7
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1411px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long-term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;7
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;7
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ending&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1411px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2021 and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;47
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;55
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1082px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;21
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
045&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Netherlands&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;France&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(4
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(1
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1082px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;49
994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;30
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(25
462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;67
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;30
478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(27
035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1254px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Registered trademark (indefinite life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Gross and net carrying amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1254px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;50
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;44
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Work-in-progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;17
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;12
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;19
271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;26
663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;87
754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;83
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ending March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1301px; text-align: left;&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 188px; text-align: right;&gt;130
426&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;75
174&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;41
892&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;27
561&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;275
053&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;85
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;102
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;115
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;110
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;82
205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;88
556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;101
034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;98
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;38
763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;43
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;52
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;54
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;36
081&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;38
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;40
303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;38
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;17
940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;10
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;17
264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;24
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;4
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6
073&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;10
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Weighted average common stock outstanding &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;57
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Earnings per share &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #d5eaea;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Mainland China*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;397
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;355
218&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;260
211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;United States*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;16
707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;15
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;5
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #d5eaea;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;413
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;370
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;265
770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; colspan=11&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; background-color: white;&gt;NET SALES TO EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Nutritional food&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;386
807&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;314
459&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;224
773&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Nutritional supplement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;18
516&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;21
987&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;6
836&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Other business&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;8
618&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;34
088&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;34
161&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Net sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;413
941&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;370
534&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;265
770&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;INTERSEGMENT SALES&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Nutritional food&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;96&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;124&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;19&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Nutritional supplement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;15
752&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;10
688&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;9
212&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Other business&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;51&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Intersegment sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;15
848&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;10
812&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;9
282&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;GROSS PROFIT (LOSS)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Nutritional food&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;188
235&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;155
694&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;99
387&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Nutritional supplement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;1
708&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;(2
659&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;(2
810&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Other business&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;(389&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;472&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;(2
018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;189
554&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;153
507&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;94
559&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 75%; text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Nutritional food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;626
317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;505
799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Nutritional supplement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;38
878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;51
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;2
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;2
422&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Unallocated assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;10
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Intersegment elimination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;(13
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;(9
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;664
885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;550
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;LONG LIVED ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Nutritional food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;180
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;139
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Nutritional supplement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;14
039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;15
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;1
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;1
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;195
742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;156
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Calibri; margin: 0pt; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-size-adjust: auto; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial; display: inline;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 8pt Calibri; margin: 0pt; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-size-adjust: auto; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-size: 8pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; display: inline;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Calibri; margin: 0pt; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-size-adjust: auto; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial; display: inline;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Calibri; margin: 0pt; orphans: 2; widows: 2; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-size-adjust: auto; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial; display: inline;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Short-term debt secured by fixed assets totaling nil and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5
267&lt;/font&gt;
 respectively&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6
502&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Short-term debt secured by land use right of nil and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3
929&lt;/font&gt;
 respectively&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
438&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Short-term debt secured by restricted cash deposits of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;68
966&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;17
006&lt;/font&gt;
 respectively&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;116
333&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;20
480&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Short-term credit debt&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;29
306&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;86
497&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;145
639&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;115
917&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1097px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Additions in the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Release in the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


 INC.&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;SCHEDULE II&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at Beginning&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;of Year&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Charged to&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Costs and Expenses&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Write-off and exchange difference&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at End&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;of Year&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Allowance for accounts receivable
 including current and not-current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 768px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 173px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(2
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;11
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;12
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(2
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;11
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Allowance for other receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;567&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Allowance for deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;38
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(26
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;56
971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(18
341&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;38
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;13
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;46
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;56
971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;18.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;SEGMENT REPORTING AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;The Company's chief operating decision maker has been identified as the chief executive officer
 who reviews consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Company. In fiscal years 2014 and 2013
 the Company operated and reported its performance in four segments. However
 starting from fiscal year 2015
 the Company has operated the Powdered Formula and Foods segments as a single business segment based on a shared distribution network and similar marketing strategies. Therefore
 there are only&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;three&lt;/font&gt; reportable segments for fiscal year 2015
 and the segment information in prior years was restated to be consistent with the current year reportable segments. The three reportable segments are:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Nutritional food&lt;/i&gt; - Sales of powdered infant and adult formula products
 and prepared foods.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Nutritional supplement&lt;/i&gt; - Sales of nutritional supplement such as chondroitin sulfate to external customers
 and microencapsulated Docosahexanoic Acid (DHA) and Arachidonic Acid (ARA) to powdered formula segment.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Other business&lt;/i&gt; - Other business includes non-core businesses such as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers
 providing genetic diagnostic services for new born babies
 and sales of cosmetics to pregnant women.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The following tables summarized the Company's revenue and cost generated from different revenue streams.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; colspan=11&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; colspan=3&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; background-color: white;&gt;NET SALES TO EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: white;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Nutritional food&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;386
807&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;314
459&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;224
773&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Nutritional supplement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;18
516&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;21
987&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;6
836&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Other business&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;8
618&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;34
088&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;34
161&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Net sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;413
941&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;370
534&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;265
770&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;INTERSEGMENT SALES&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Nutritional food&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;96&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;124&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;19&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Nutritional supplement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;15
752&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;10
688&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;9
212&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Other business&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;51&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Intersegment sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;15
848&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;10
812&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;9
282&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;GROSS PROFIT (LOSS)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Nutritional food&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;188
235&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;155
694&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;99
387&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Nutritional supplement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;1
708&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;(2
659&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;(2
810&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;- Other business&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;(389&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;472&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;(2
018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;189
554&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;153
507&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;94
559&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 75%; text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Nutritional food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;626
317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;505
799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Nutritional supplement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;38
878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;51
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;2
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;2
422&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Unallocated assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;10
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Intersegment elimination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;(13
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;(9
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;664
885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;550
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;LONG LIVED ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Nutritional food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;180
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;139
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Nutritional supplement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;14
039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;15
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 5pt;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;- Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;1
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;1
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;195
742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;156
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;Consolidated revenue is generated from sales in the following areas:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #d5eaea;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Mainland China*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;397
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;355
218&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;260
211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;United States*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;16
707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;15
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;5
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #d5eaea;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;413
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;370
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;265
770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px;&gt;* Revenues are attributed to countries based on location of customer&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;The Company's long-lived assets
 consisted of property
 plant and equipment
 land use rights
 and intangible assets
 are located in the following areas:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 8pt Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #d5eaea;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Mainland China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;104
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;137
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;France&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;91
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;19
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #d5eaea;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;195
742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif;&gt;156
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-indent: 27pt;&gt;No single customer accounts for more than 10% of net sales for fiscal year 2015

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0.5in; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;P.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and handling costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred and included in selling and distribution expenses. The costs were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt; million
 $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;4.6&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.9&lt;/font&gt; million for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 690px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Name of Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 173px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Statutory Tax Rate Beginning January 1
 2008&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 673px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax Holiday (based on calendar year)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;12.5&lt;/font&gt;% (2012)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;12.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;% (2012); high-tech enterprise at &lt;font class=_mt&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;% (2014
 2015)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Beijing Syclin Clinical Laboratory Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;25%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1223px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;38
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;56
971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Additions (releases) during the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(26
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(18
341&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213,234,234);&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Deconsolidation due to disposal of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.35pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;9
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.7pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;38
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;table style=margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;C.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); font: 10pt Calibri, Helvetica, sans-serif; widows: 1; margin-top: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0,0,0); text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; margin: 0pt 0px; widows: 1; letter-spacing: normal; text-indent: 27pt; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company's consolidated financial statements include allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory valuation
 accrued consumer loyalty program obligations
 the useful lives of and impairment for property and equipment
 impairment of indefinite lived intangible assets

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  














    
    





















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Tax Receivables And Others (Schedule Of Prepayments

        
        
        



 Plant And Equipment

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Credits

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        



 Plant And Equipment

        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        



 Plant And Equipment

        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant And Equipment

        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    








    




    



 Net


 net of allowance of $1
824 and $2
851





    
    




    




    


    
    



 Net

    
    




    
    




    



 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment

    


    
    












    




    
    



 Net

    
    




    




    
    


    


    


    
    
    




    




    




    




    
    




    




    
    




    
    




    






    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    



 Value


 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized; 57
301 and 57
301 issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and 2014



    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    




    




    















 Shares


 shares




 Shares


 shares



    




    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Not Discontinued Operation

    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    





 Extraordinary Items

    
    


    
    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    






    




    
    




    


    







 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment

    



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Reclassification Adjustment Realized upon Sale or Liquidation

    






    



 Net of Tax

    



 Net of Tax

    



 Net of Tax

    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    












    



 Net of Tax

    




    








    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant





    
    



 Plant

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    

 net of capitalized interest of $1.8 million
 nil and nil





    




    










    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    



 Integration

    


    


    
    


    


    
    






    
    





 Plant And Equipment






 Plant And Equipment





















    




    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    




    




    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant And Equipment





    


    
    
    




    




    




    


    
    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    



 Credit Risk

    


    
    
    




    




    




    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment







    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Capitalized
 Prepaid








 Plant And Equipment



    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    

 Credits



    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment



    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    
    
    







 Plant and Equipment






 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups




 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups




 Plant
 and Equipment




 plant and equipment

















    


    
    


    
    




    








    



 Deposit payment


 Deposit payment





    
    



 Not Discontinued Operation
 Gain (Loss) on Disposal


 Not Discontinued Operation
 Gain (Loss) on Disposal





    

 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Loss (Gain)
 Reclassified to Earnings

    


    
    




    




    




    




    






    


    
    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment




 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    




    










    
    














    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    



 Maturity Date Range






 Maturity Date Range







    


    
    


    


    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Unused Borrowing Capacity

    




    




    








    


    




    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    


    
    






    




    




    




    



 Capital Leases


 Capital Leases

    



 Income Statement

    



 Income Statement

    






    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    




    




    




    




    




    




    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    




    
    






    



 Deductions

    











 Tax Holiday

    


    
    
    




    




    
    
    




    


    
    
    



 Valuation Allowance


 Valuation Allowance

    




    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    










    



 Income Tax Expense (Benefit)

    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    



 Acquisition Of Assets Under Fair Value


 Acquisition Of Assets Under Fair Value

    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards


 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Accrued Liabilities


 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Accrued Liabilities

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Provision for Loan Losses


 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Provision for Loan Losses

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Returns and Allowances


 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Returns and Allowances

    



 Other


 Other

    



 Gross

    



 Valuation Allowance

    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards


 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    



 Acquisition Of Assets Under Fair Value


 Acquisition Of Assets Under Fair Value

    



 Property

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Provision for Loan Losses


 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Provision for Loan Losses

    



 Other


 Other

    



 Gross

    



 Valuation Allowance

    






    






    


    
    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    
    






















    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    




    






    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
















    
    




    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Dividends or Distributions

    


    


    




    
    




    




    


    


    
    


    
    






    
    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    
    


    

 Inputs



    
    
    






    




    




    


    

 Including Discontinued Operations





    






    




    
    
    


    
    




    
    






    






    




    
    






    




    
    


    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    






    




    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    




    
    




    




    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    




    






    




    
    
    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    
    
    



 Whey Protein

    

 Whey Protein



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 image_004.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`'!`74#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`HH




\
?\`7CJ'


MZS7]
LM

XXR`#TYQ5F#PMIUK-I]W!]H

M5ECDPZE2



!2REF*[3G/S'('&
U#J/BCQ1HE
M]J-O=QZ7=I86D-]));V\B&2$R

B35_&M[!)JDNFQVDME9/90B1U8
MEY9I%W#AAP(W0CW/X5H:GXENK+7]3L`VGQ6]IIL5VLUW(8U5FD=3O89^4!1Q





FPE6+



MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B

M8Y?L]]!IEG/9W('

RR3;6^G8CN17/C4+S5O#'BV\O+&6VNXM8LS=P;=WEF
M+R/,88ZK\I8'TYKV6BFG;^O.X[_U\CQSQ?=:9XFO/%CV+6^I01Z!R21@2(6




XYV^U:6F_P!B9B_X2[[/

M!&

`*3P






CVLL*QOM5W*$2C`.Y=K$X[?

MSPQ_UXZA_.WKJJY75O\`DIGAC_KQU#^=O0!U5%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`8FD_

L]NKL0.@R153_A7O@S_H

M2VTB02?947;(5(4Y`XP<<U)I_P`./<.FVL5UX9T=[A(465_LB'<P`R<XYYH
M`ZZBN:_X5[X
_PA6T?_`,`X_P#C_A7O@S_`*%;1_\`P#C_`
*`.EHKFO\`

M./\`PH_X5[X

^F:XY'UR;7K?0#XANH]UD;^



^'M3M+0
MXN9[26.([MN'9%Y[<D<U+I<$MMI%E!<'

S1(H+@;I&7D1CJW7@'/%)C1/9^$M%L;R*ZBMYFDA)

T[0YT:2_DO;0RVLDYC38TX#H#G#?
YQNQGG



EB2=
MN

MHRS(=V[.0BEMV

Y'(

M?P;_`







YSCGI1_P`)%H?]J_V5_;.G?VCNV_9/


MQ#H@U;^R3K&GC4L[?L9N4\[.


M^R3K&GC4L[?L9N4\[.



M-G;-/YQMH3+G.\H-V?K0;.V
_G&WA


MHETC2AESN&P'.1@Y&.



M6-/?4@2ILUND
V0
D;





\XH`S?#
FI2^%
M]*DU@







M`!JNJHH`Y7_A8OAS_GIJ?_@GO/\`XU1_PL7PY_STU/\`\$]Y_P#&JZJB@#E?






)?:




M?
I&


IE.]HF8*&SM!#$CKQ5?4



*M&U6[^RV
METYE

M)#



MGU326WG^!*=PKG?%O_,_PPO;_^S5T5<[XM_P8%_V%[?\`]FJ1G14444`8
M?B_(\



_$

M2H`%=G10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!45S_`

MA_E0!S_P]_Y)QX;_`.P;!_Z`*Z6N:^'O_)./#?\`V#8/_0!72T`%%%%`!111

M_)4=#_[!5[_Z
MZZFN6O_P#DJ.A_]@J]_P#1EO74T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%

MO29-$MY7LK6.!I%O@`Q50

M+\/_`('C_P(H_M'Q!_T+\/_`('C_P(K;HH`Q/[1\0?]_#_P!X_\`B*/[
M1\0?]_#_P!X_\`B*VZ*`

M`(BMNB@#$_M'Q!_T+\/_`('C_P(H_M'Q!_T+\/_`('C_P(K;HH`Q/[1\0?

M9PM^

M16W10!B?VCX@_PA?A_\#Q_\11_:/B#_`*%^'_P/'_Q%;=%`&)_:/B#_`*%^
M'_P/'_Q%']H^(/\`H7X?_`\?_$5MT4`8G]H^(/\`H7X?_`\?_$4?VCX@_PA
M?A_\#Q_\16W10!B?VCX@_PA?A_\#Q_\11_:/B#_`*%^'_P/'_Q%;=%`&)_:
M/B#_`*%^'_P/'_Q%)_:/B#_H7X?_``/'_P`16Y10!RT-EK%[XUL-7O+&TMK

5U-%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%



M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N?\97=[9Z


M`

DWNGR:A:ZI93V40)DN(KA&C0#J2P.!BKJ.LB*Z,&1@K*<@CU%


MZ'?6/_`6R_\`C%=+10!S_@R\O+[PVLE_=/=W





M.SYK^9YG_/3S


I



U^^IPS:)/=^1)#&

M/2O6L7NKR7@U:7R+FU-O$J`&-V#*54,&^09R2#D\NPT_PCHFESQS6MK(&B
M!6%9+F61(`1@B)&8K&
'&%`XXJ:+PWI
%EIMG%:;8-

M[:_-X/M4FOBS+^6G

MC%'9[#*$8;F'F

M6SR2`
\YSFDG\^';IY3-8RLDDWV@Q[F$2R[MV]8P^U&SR2H!.3ZFFFM+_U





VI6EQ

58'BZ.\O=
#6$JL^K75@NR[90#$DGSLH`#@[/NMP

$-V[T6'@1[

M6

B1WK;(Y(HW)/`

`KZ1XYO+^+0KN[
MT1+6PUE_*@D6\\R1)-K




4&QLXSPPYX)I]YX6UC5-%N]

MHOOM%A#JND+81ZFKS=+KS6#!^V1=J[&V@GY2PX(SZR:CX.M]4FT_[5



%?+




S

?THTU_KL_^`)[Z?UN


M
@D8)8XZC@]Q@CK7-^(;31[O6YI-;T#4X;B

M7G_5AM:GH
VOZ-;V$-]/J]A%9SC
5P]RBQR#&?E8G!X!/'I3X]8TN:QEOHM2
MLWM(1F6=9U


V
M(BB-2V/O*IW$Y'-6=?T.^?Q6=+M+24Z1KLD
][


\]
GC!SS
MBGC6]).E_P!I_P!IV7]GXS]J^T)Y6/\`?SC]:\\O=)U%=6O[YM.NI;*W\31W

M.S1[1.(71V;!^7YDW]P.

MQ!J-[=7
]:C\&V$5K#J5S$^KO
M]LN?-:34X(X6D;:H++&B(5!Q_$H)()QWJGI5TWA'^T-.O=/U&6.2]FN;6:SL

$@PRZBP@
;9QM)8X





M+X_UC6XM*U&WL6TJ%3-+82QM
ZN^0J%=Q(&!C&3Q@'BFNE^WZ?Y@^MOZU1W=
M%

I4\^H/(/L:?2`YKP)_P`BR_\`V$M0_P#2R:NEKFO`G_(L



M/_P8P_\`Q5'_``G?@_\`Z&O0_P#P8P__`!5;?V:#_GC'_P!\BC[-!_SQC_[Y

?\`WR*`
3_A._!__0UZ'_X
8?\`XJC_`(3O


?_?(H
M`YSX?317'A

&5U-W

M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#G_'?_)//$O\`VKK_P!%-705S_CO
M_DGGB7_L%77_`**:N@H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#G_'?_`3SQ+_VKK_`-%-705S_CO_`))YXE_[
M!5U_Z*:N@H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*



3_`(2:/_H$ZQ_X`O1_PDT?

M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M5S7C?_D#V'_88T[_`-*XJZ6N:\;_`/('L/\`L



(1&






5OP3/*\RO;




@XK1KS



MY&


M?ZZ_Y$WTO_73_


MGB*:.:W6)


MV&-._P#2N*NEKFO&_P#R![#_`+#&G?\`I7%0!TM%%%`!1110`4A(`))P!US2








M?/.[;GWJ#^Q_$G_0U_\`E.C_`

M
N
G&_..U-_L?Q)_T-?_`)3H_P#&C^Q_$G_0U_\`E.C_`
:`-:UTRULOLXMQ

?*3@G@?
1GWJY7._V/XD_Z&O_`
IT?^-']C^)/^AK_P#*

M)/\`H:__`G1_P-)_8_B3_H:_\`RG1_XT`-\?\BR__`&$M0_\`2R:NEK+\
M/:.=T=+!KEKEQ--

MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

P9``!F_P!FS`!FF0!F9@!F,P!F```S_P`S
MS``SF0`S9@`S,P`S````_P``S```F0``9@``,P``````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````P`````)`-$`0`(_P`!!Q(L*#!@P@3*ES(L*'#
MAQ`C2IQ(L:+%BQ@S:MS(L:/'CR!#BAQ)LJ3)DRA3JES)LJ7+ES!CRIQ)LZ;-
MFS@=KMC)LZ?/GT#AU*M*C1HTB3*EW*M*G3IUC2IU*M:K5JUBS:MW*M:O7




M2:FFDG7JJ;^;$C1B0P






9+(?O/3&
G)KH-#L2$8YD@$M'0A%R:T<RF!!F!0J&0)'
M%1@$FPX_Z,(0MG'80FB$/^'2


F9;G*1L;R4J%T
M8==MTO8]=*7N1R@!(.9Q5\RD)CRJ6(K;;E,9M;RC\^,YQQJ;5%3I.:U]3E



O6-
$VG0$];4I2^U9TX#
M.E.:]I27Q_PI
!&ZT)TF5*@._:A%-UI)HQ:UFQSUZ#FM=6F5E6B2EVJ5&:









<R`:?=W%33FN(YGFJHVXQ85=\6/OW)


=K*7


X

`(PX*!'/_X'-4@'JR/1-C(_4R@AQ(+4+/V3H


M;FVXB!`B=_[XCALG@.6(CN?8D`[ICN/XC89($%8`;RJYDBS9DB[YDM(6@1MC




MQBF+-]D]9
B30NF3.8FH@(&J.)



08JV#1C+1Z
MJ[@:C/








EN_Z)N^.GM7YJN]\HO`_ON_`6RYW9N[`]R\!6S`]HN_:!NH


M6*QUJ[L3HKO'?JP5INN


Q!!+Q0]AQ:G\

RT/4RV`!S+IL%37
RIF


*R1S







H


PWC8JX0


F[8.^NM]ZK
MR





?R`
D?@)




MX42.`#Q^!!E2Y$B/K%9X/$ERI$F0`SVZ_+AQ9$J5-*Y=L^;$8X`Q)``$
.13



FFFWP#X*V%XJ).K@&)^A'(JK;;JSO[/$(P1Q@7M(RL%
T*
M$3WUV(
J^Q?<I(K&=E21NYT*@
C33





MQ#5
.Y2P&0M05K`:U5`F)/(#YW!
M@D*.5&1_0




WB





M!.B






]U




M

MC
4#3
6#`L-Q/+XS%
!S'$1!1$4T)+(Y+
4U(45TS#Y0Y
`V5#MQK$9PE
?1
M4J6`%
B!)



0U8@SN(TSN-$SN14SN5DSN94S@A:



LS


NQF=+_:4SOU4


M
Q3UM#8E]5:=33:+__L+4BG353_&)'`B$
MB^W78UC5^[141_T)B^57?XU79V767\U1?['8?-W7??56W`E8,-U2D_V]4S6@
MER6%A'7/%6!86EDK3LV1LOA60FW5-A%9C+W86ZFH577++W2BFA9I65:1I52




M42A^8/^4D.(E-F(5SEL4;F$KWN(=?N
B3EDOUF$YOD@Q;E\R+F'RI6
FOLTJ
M)N(A[F
_UF`WKN
95F)`'N0[=F(:'N%#Y@N2E.2/+-453K`
Q.1
SF3K&RU-
M]N1/!N4`P6

MT[A6TQ/



M=#8;@OM24@[C5;Y@V$SJ';(N?-8)=D

M1=(
3U6@!%@Y:DV`3O&C\NC;.($-2#H/_S#JUD*/.)EFWP#4#?D(M)UFWHE6

MH!#'


H&\.

M0U/P;%P%N0V'-6[KRHP)2WUHAYHB0\&0OV$*OC^0BQDC&Z2G1LQC0#;^Z2
MFPA!(130R`$64@LKPWL)HORV.[N5G`A!_7Q'G4UIE:N7*EX`R5F/71K0EG

M];$-Z/!J9X=VE?CUK%[!EF!`8@?T+TOVOFNHF``P)Z`1+WLG!53T8$=W7[5S
?J


$/EID&]'9#(;9PEW!S
M)RFZ
K:WBI5?Q[\O_)C/\T(6X0J+C!SQ)2Y?I()XM[]FM'(BTZ:2'=!(D==?


EB(NO$6TV)7M9C00DDE
MET!EDCFC(5
530C`@Q`R%*20HDF$$Y))*KDDDTTZ^22444HY)4ZK47G_)992
MQK:D#D


M2


J1P#$!.

M*_
4
%@

MI([\TLPU*YORS#H+[)G+#DX;EM-07X.MS=MV6_2W.R



MD

A1W#'$]&];%RP(R'_
M.H@RAIC
6.8#%C$D

MB*]TPU%FO=S#DBX9IY@9PH[J5@1/R;`@\$AG2L2;!HFK.4Y31H01%Z2C=N




M%[D^/X31'+(Y;_Q5=]@N=&_F*!(=L+-?


EFD&N$+/Q:ECBWA5K5Z

/




)5(F90$*)5,VI5,^)50&90,ZF4R&QE22X#9BXS`29+V,8SFRV'Y8
MT1_\4$RR(SS2)$#&(\H)2E66)59,90#]AQ,D5H&T`%Q=`X`H53O6H16:Y;-<
M95JJI4U<)4GZY6!R)5O@&3+BV7=<Q4MF933.(M<0YCO(UL:_Z8H[L14'M6U

M\N8&ZN8T[J5)U@@O(88OE8AWA.9Q1(Y#\F5$U`R9)2-*+&


M9N-Q;J5`IF=^PJ9]-B=_0B!W!FAW4L15MA.
D?ZO(ASC*9;CH5JEH0X(J,A
MF
)H*

:


M==8A*@D+N


'F:S[$25)E

M*9'XS;T2QJS6*H`ZG?1+RP)%T$0B=DTC&L`-3^4KU



)BV=


MIJW@SB:J[D2H'2W90BC7=F_EGJ:[$N[S!FK
;N+W@J_ZQBWQ9BZ_NA(M2YR
M1H2P;8?HCJ[K5N/XDH7P8J_WEN]QJLJK7!:4#.FKB_T0B[.^N_RE2YMONW\






MT1K#%#[S\


K%QE%94R(6(Z%#Q-'KJ\$?;&M`HA
(D


70A/1'3OX
Y%2Z[%?#2=900K


UY/\X`PE6]3J'
*^V9K+&C?1U
W)`%;
M19`

D/.




MF(P`F9\#A5$'^J)-^(N?L63HU55L3E^#!)LA.%N0@4S




R-GZGK)I
Q2@S97DS56HP75&Q/?@SL5U9B]\+QC_-@B$9E8
MG'@1LS

O3=_\?V'U]X;T@]0_B\SJ$&GZ*


M'M0AYR-.0,1Y$DXD6+%AM855QAD6-'CQ
W?A0Y$F'(B:Q
'@SPZ%HU@EQ(
90RU@'6L$)

M\8[L#%K.T1FMKLUYY)*X'+.F&PO]^9957^

UY





H1_J8/:FGUAK#

M$-[6?RWQ]5-&Z



MA2&2D]_(?M

4NAP8`9,J/0#\9F6T<-H=;A*;
MVJ3(]S02OK%(!`&(B-E9G#C$0=A

(TIJ5T

5&1=4(SR9DR9`H&8N+)V$8<AUJ7


%H=)/DU2%(@!8@M5X6A5OBP%

M$\JO!U?[&EZSE=




8R.8
ML(0J(F-6HLL(SO/*)Z+^BH<RIC^;&HTC_E2`K/V<+/.Z





M/4IV'B;&#
*9RLD@.JX-)X?%R)$D/O'Z*.CST/$55^GF4..Y)L
05.V2^#&6

8M4HXA
M^:



!-(






MT2@S





11IP4YI
M6[9;=[1FL=97I=;Y3#1._W



 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
 <table style=width: 1567px; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; font: 8pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_TonsOfWheyPowder'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=syut_ZhangjiakouChahaerDairyCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_BusinessAcquisitionNumberOfInstallments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_BusinessCombinationDepositPaymentPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInConsolidatedSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposalNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TranslationAdjustmentFunctionalToReportingCurrencyLossGainOnReclassifiedOfEarningsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=syut_BeijingShengyuanHuiliduoFoodTechnologyCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_BusinessAcquisitionNumberOfInstallments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_BusinessCombinationDepositPaymentPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_BusinessCombinationDepositPaymentPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInConsolidatedSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_BusinessCombinationDepositPaymentPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInConsolidatedSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
 <div style=width: 800px; white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0
0


<p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica


<table style=width: 100%; font: 8pt Calibri
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234

 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234

 Helvetica

<td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234

 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234

 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234

 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234

 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234

 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234

 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: right; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<td style=border-bottom: black 3px double; text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica


<p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica


<p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica


<table style=width: 100%; font: 8pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica


<p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0
0


<p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0
0


<p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0
0


<p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0
0


<p style=white-space: normal; word-spacing: 0px; text-transform: none; color: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'


<table style=width: 100%; font: 8pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica


<p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock'
 <table style=width: 100%; font: 8pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica








M#SF14J_734F5+I\Z_P0B.QA2E:V)7-=&TS'J5-._YCZS?[K8LND0WSC(^/VF


M*E!D%2BRA19!8JL`D56@2*K0)%5H,B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:
MH\B:H\B:H\@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56BRI19)4HLA8HLA8HLA8H



$
M%``&``@````A`+55

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

M
%'*86C1DQFH9=R4Y3V&OQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'JC[Z//FRMS1-;W@OYGUBETZ

M96QS(*($`2B@``$`````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````O)O+

IJ\J6X_

MH8V?A_;'*?;3?_ZC_#6

^3G4QGTKE]1MIUUES4;XB1[#E1'


6SN&
@=Q^:.@]QQ;.XXR!U#IJ!!$`RY':0Z





%=!-N8'#8F]O02
GZIXOEI-!S!U`X?QHVDPUD
MLF



M]RIY$\4ZQ#?WD=VK%$.['22QU6J3[+1.]\%@-!S.!GMEPGZI\-;^CD9T?V_6
M^CQ:9WL=IJ6(U8%*




!C\=4/LTEW^'XX'%;7_M%FNTL/
M%R$_(/TB@WA.\=D+B_`.&?'/PHW_*4Q-^NROPC+[)L(2YEE?(3*OW[-O#?ZP

M(?


DP,0^.$',Y$EQ^0?^PD!(

!-`




M.K0@J)/\&
QI%A:





U%_G?Y_;_73:^2+9QFDH&
B]1SE.

*UDPCHM9VO=1(@T!Q?54_UP_W0/WO0-/#(\5JK
M%F1WX/@E

2XA?I_D4*(RLE[Y67V!4&
4)XO#VE^'WR!C#9:4J`D][V;A%-%






46J/[
M)8M



'L







;'AV\)1&(4$2.AXH(-DG$N7%!X/D/S=9Y


K#0%!JW@19A



)P&




MD=[EL?*0U%79)K;N;9P)@

M'

-WGZI87:+!@ON:3BUMN\];_8:XEDR

M]&-%






M`AG




MD*UNEFF+JZZZV7AUT_OLV
_;%DQWM7/ZOC4;=%0U_D^`L

=C/X&L)W

I@.


M!
IP

`EXS)]Q=U%^GOB.M_````
D66DUFME]


M-+RCNPKJ?B$1S=]\ZXN1^[K

M^Y4L

M5*

M^_O!O4X\3$C7]T`EW:PZ?G9@:D:*D:0;($QZJP$.CY?6%0D3KS51W21P$M
MH!O/FS1*5]XS


$=DP6)'G4R(KL%WSJ!D(270S@C3T$YN2S+R_2*+TG5:HM\SD9U@=
6=*T$'_8$?A];UC9S5)0]6^,7IB1U-BB&;/5HPES!][Q5+!JIZ




(?)09+E3\#\)YS^7:A
M5OS+7Z_-_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`)XO
T_Z`@``&0@``!D```!X

;<XW//O5RO;E^:&CTSJ;AH
MUSB8^1BQ-A<%;_=K_/O7P\T(Z5I6]!:M&R-7YGMYO/GU9'(9]4Q9A&P-J






ED!L$@O!GO\G!AF9F#L39$
!K:`8SYLT






M1B]42
<.JD#3.MEP2`
MG78D:+G=]XB2[&S7IK\_&)T+P?/2%9\_TFPX@MK*20;RJ0+L.'\64.?KT%
MSLZ9]Z


M@/J#W;^6Q+&3'P/1)'U4O`]@IZ!(V5'=`=ZR#6@847`X.(M
^==C*N@)90
MC)=U&GM+YP4RF!\P]Q:38M1C@C$B.T?X:0]Q0%\O$B*?B@R@AG_/_E&D=AJ+

14SP^3:?VRH=U+4N]4WY$^Z)7K
Z/!4UW1






O=25]TRXH*S)4.2'R--

H_6A2=K;1)?#:Y!?KS^?A:DT`#
M=?GE6.+5DK.3!YL&+BE:K+9@M`#C/C&-,:3ZKTPA165RKUPRE(/DA#0GN=5




M1;J(!M

M!8:7N]5?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`W[EMB(4#``4P``&0```'AL



0@0J[0XG

M56M`1OK_M[33!:Q.YZ.)C-_C$#N;(B03U2Y=)UT)R2K_AD14E`')T'K9`ST
MK3VXUHEG@'1\CUCBU9*SO0--`W\I&JQ:$W`L0HLO!@8P*@]#VJ3W@IJ`=5X
M6473:.F]0`;35K

MD&!M))'.L@HLZ2T

M;J`K$_AH:H5MS'-MG@9V68Q5(PT(HOZ.7B?0(E[!#.+P)C#P2=5;V1_3:8

M&/
E@LYJ$\`K?3V!$BNXQ0(P\#
)JI;@8TF=OMFAC[:4
B&`'7DVBUC6+U



Y$PQ$2PA*
CN[__ZZTX:T;6Z`?=D=BG)3

QBL-`'XIZ71ZVR_#OOSY]2
.@[?+#.M_7![T


/ZN]1M`1V%




MOCXMYN(Q^@HM+0QGY7

M8&F$@_=^C;C([F







NDB
G$1
MQ1%;*48%4_K^&8#W




KEY9))1&]@A[#YT;69E9



JN*NW_5]FL

MQ'G!%S'+Q&E+R%JL



M:8W

M



=

M69Z[^?A*P].T@\D@
109J8





:2)S*F7QX6(I;0NWF;K2J)[J_5OH%T#VC5!+!`;Q`&9@+@@'L@4
M9`;B@\Q!`I`0)`*)01*05!:U
O@\E%P9-2\+8OI*J9`!F?
:\L^[V;5#=/:@

EU\B%T4-
?
FUT84KAC0Y=IS#&O'ONK!B


M


M':&NMMG&A%$D3G5B@E@@-H@#


D(*DL:E7P




M^L%2A\XPCD#&(#J(`6*6`VB`


MLH[+-




ME:!_
WZ2Y+



M:-!Y\`8Y31K0R@6%)F)]1F`I@%]+$B*G)#_/^ID+@I$+I@[)K?0V&[)32R_
M+B*:7K@95!'E`KF:P+MU$\)-RU\\-(R@/1


ML#K@)I/28V@STAB2#+)@




M='







BP!9`9#L/ZM2*2U])/]Q:4??#
MH\G(*`@K
%OKQ+5BOHJ

M[-Z8.(

M5417%?%517)5D7ZFD%*1S=TWI)72ZDH0#,5YRI)HU4'C=Y!8[1IR%1@MFE(
MKEBHT:::G/IV!XV#FKE*XK@=-%Z;9BKWQ^^@3IHPC;-3+Y6U$$3MVGNY#A)
MFX;
0FF+9GQ9B*1


M#8D3UYHZ&1
*T@:0+&/O^3=8QM5LJ]5X:9J/27^70J.=W[16%.@4&!28%%@4

04)!2D#2-/-L:W3#R7/W09V\DY]?5^9C,DNA

IA=T*'`I\*20V6?-@@H"F(*(@I2A(


D]A3UG8)_&UK#/'[ZR

E)D6O*_

ML`:NH



T*)#AJC(K4__#48[:%Q+(AC`W&`N$`\(#Z0`$@(
M)`(2`TF`I$TBV\-K`S?8(TH)LCVT=*

M#0_:[

M#R0`$@*)@

M/N4G=L*V_/C&3E1G[+SA:

$

MO@
D6;MI5WFQ#3YSYIR9@=G34=9HS[41JLEQ$L48\8:I0C2;'/_\L7J88&0L
M;0I:JX;G^


`M5);!WTMW!8$DYOHE6_`-XT*7M)=;;^KPV<N-I6%;H_`D/.5%:<E
M-PP*C11.G)

MJWX1Y\`YAF='W!NO-_`2
'Y@_

`WA!!
M6S@H89!:NN%?J=Z(QJ:EUA.'J$$=+AF(2%5:T?F+6R
-[^LX+;C

TQ1&`


M7IE47'0%2N



Z=2;*I@%8P
MC=?5/!TO\2MTD!XP]T-

M#C.V[36.UEX@J`PM\2M?UQZ3!&T
%$S/%#B
I\`+!`K&H8++W@WXW/OLK++#
MY'9LHTEB/B%B[2.R-$0$VF#M^MVYK
V`0VWY.`\KWSN

M^F@N#N
I\`*!@EFHX+)W`PZ]S]/SN3C
U+U.^7`J_O-\9@`^)M!FCAWOI;ZL




CWR
I$C4?
*5O:B*1
%C\W!


M1DBQ5R-(YQFBPYKGWMR#3.MEED
%V':GX?N5^X4M8C9SO?52-^AGSL^2?';D
M49S_:O+LG[SBT&W0178?&





I34

QQ=A\T*4?YV
\G?;G'7D-R+QB_8&Z=)6%=F]Q5L9:S-[^



M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#+B*#L^@








HZ



!REC(#$`2PK8^'DI2-ZZ







MQU&








M*]1A%8ZF@\EL.(`#[94JGNF789!?I2*5W\11,ZNT$E\=C(]N?U^%8G$1(R


]XM
M[A=$;W+))0GQ!$&







MAX

M_P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!&*\V8$00``&





UBU8G
JJY&_2U/?J;/OEW-`.



M4[3V@\-.)NAG2:[
^.VQ[W^U97Y/V5#(-M0)XY/_Y**9)SD4#G?$Q4Y4?HD
MAGZ!4C

D*@DB)SG&*.

M'




BA4\'5`W?`AQUG.%0
`!'Y1TT-T`CHC*H7@O4
YN7/[S,$7@\N<@
M+BCEPX5(@WX]//P/``#__P
'G1N2[3NCJG0F

M2TZK

MNK2M_
):6OW+22X&=7






GTV\;4*3R6^HA(6NZP25^'CZD0C56V@%T7(

M::\?S@^2587!0MMR0LZ1\J
#D0[$.I#H0H!2O2PQSX?/9(?51?G2-'K0*0#
ML0XD.I!*@!*]\U&#K]KM'

M:

)#:0


)MK=9_*!JI8[-;/B^6]';R);3IT

?/RP.@KYHK&M`

K5J[
ME=;=TO-47K&&JIGH6`N14LB&:GB4>T]UDM')C6U1WQ_X364MRXR+.5;.$19
M\IS=BOS0L%8CB60UU:!?5;Q3+VQ-_A:ZALJ'0W>5BZ8#BAVON7ZVI*[3Y,O[
M?2LDW=50]U,0TOR%VSY
C`;VF0:L!/BP4#OW,$R=Y%]IUM
MP#?I%*RDAUI_%\?/C.\K#=V.H!3U[)XOF4J!T.!9D8BPY2+&@3`7Z?A9C+`
M$/ID_Q]YH:NU.U_



O

NIJ/-@H%6(P6$GL1],7D-8'8;C%?^X*)`LW`QX
79
+EG&:MK

M2P



U

MJO_R


L3*9_
M+.$BYM@O0C`N5+V\N+ND/9J7_P&``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0DGDVC


-.7C




M[CU;4]V3KBG;YY?3ETHT)TCQ5!_J_J=*ZCI--?^^.XJV?#K`OM]85%;ON=6'


D5U66&RM(
MP``E9E.0$Z:I(*9&%@
4,4JZB5)`P2`R&5SOCP0O7=C
I?99GE@K(R93

PDVF869M?`:
8EBEL8L'=;%$AGC:9!\
M(IIDB\)-GD%S%8+8I!7'H4Y,RM:T/$@B0/_,F[4*YW2X)-7I&U[!HA2(ME



MU!H$86OB-!X.!#H

J!MT3C_<6:/;DB&(LB`1LP:3;):-?79\


0`9J&NX+DQNTB;O=L






Y\@UF:*F4V=AOX+%/
M%@^?+])D)!LZG(2#WI$7OO/A.UC#VQTO^.'0.95XD6]X`?PBNT3Q?7'-YNM`

.\6'P[Q0R].ZG7J2?3P
MX*?^W


$%``&``@````A



A3:D-P,YG<_=@TX+M*<OHN30_Y.4KXWEAH-M+2
CFM4W?8Z83*C(
MS(*E54ID0;@$PEN)P


VNE3_


MB3S;M1G`
'?1;J








K

MQ
98!/'\VQ@X
FONS*[%-`*#N-EDP3!VGN!!(LC9NLP48#)IHB\DM$F`P0
M#_0-(L'YQT6:15.1X6J@MSZV#I+8E(VQ?#0Q$0#)C`7\/QT#AA3'SI/S=!QF



M14/'

M[
!VDM/:OI$9

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!;8QI\4P0``(4/
=-:+@]=HE4]]U6)WS?5$?U^X_?[],8M<1;5;OLY+7;.U^,N%^V?SZ
MR^KFU=Q8JQU($

M2B_P_;E7947M8H9E

MVWF2\^H

MV'+_29G(H:.09AK





M7E&0?=;7BIP0%*M3
5_


E'FO9X/FCQC[V8

B<'=GW
MK#D6M7!*=HM_G0!@]'@-0J_M/RL7LUWO(7KC_IX@NLN@W=8?PK@`^?M]8N\
MJ/47Z,W_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`@G*49\@#``#!P``&0```'AL


MW9%VI=5H9N=





*G`4:)9!+)@J



\!*-1;2FTY8WV8HI6NHI*N)BDU





MQ
I4S/F951`Y\+I

M74I6-9BD9D7:`']QRL_B*UN9/9.N3.NWRWF6\?(

MZW170-T?9)%F7[G;BU'Z
L]J+OBAF4
Z!XF.:XZ=V(%
F]4^APJD[%;-#FO[

[SM\D]

M:]N!/VIKSP[II6C^Y-=?67X\-=!N'RJ2A2WWGR]

MYG(T0)'TH_U_S??-:6U[P=P/78\`W-HQT;SF
J5M91?1\/)?!+45=4FH2N(!





Y@W#
M)!R$-5;RK31XYA\/LP0;K#QCVRUB4H_,@8NP2AR)JZ[Z`9.(P5&\3PI39)

L\3ZM%Z[PH


M9H9S/^XB0:_5G




M(U
@_#:D\8@:YL!PWVN4#

(87#3^W'_P[WL`A
MJOUY@D

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`U

M.A:%WZ=J_@/%.\&RC8U3G3YUP'=[JJ:FYO)

















B*[8YB#E(.$@YR#C(.2@X*#FH.*@M0
R1!P@P







ML)*'MC=K(#&0!$@*)`.2`RF`E$`J(+5-J$'J:&T;=&78Z1


FNL!3U/JOD55'%U*0M2=3F+I


@@B
M-LMKJ@@=1PQ)

WY;[N.Y#Q_OE1&96;00
M/-E8&\$P&#&0!$A*FATQ)8
F5$0U6KH'$0!(@*9`
]Q!&//6XC@HP<NZDL08.OG3US:


E#'(84VVP

6=N/VX^+Z8C'Q



MLB?*1_Y%K





B`YD`)(V9
1DRI3:*(-
M



SYYN@82`TF`I$`R(#F0`DAIB#;
\_BK355?


F'=/S*'


\S[




MP_QV$*L-
N&#F/.I
;6_
108=#



LY-ZF2]+(M7!1YC2(+JFM!-P5@8$+G+
M-989M^S[*/D@ZVB4GS1

MTYJ&=C'P


%&EEBBXD%6&+IIBR)7%J$U\&3%W-;%*+ZL
1U1$L@2&
U
%(6#

S!#
M*[1AHGGS')D3W4&I^

M)&']/G\\J1JO6Q^XL7W#-).FC-*MZP$#%P
/`Q^#`(
0@PB#F`&[29^183A.


P_F(@8N!

A%.)8.+G24C5R#P#
M_?&:3CS,'`Q\##P,0@P#&(

ML

W[H


M#)9H=E7(+FYR4A[)`SF?*R4MGNDUH`DG_1ME5Y0;8P%W''!5@7A
KRXIUVX-

#A-3'
SC!ENSND7VIBVMS/_%8U'!GV/Q[@CMB`B\Z
M^AC$AZ*HNR_T!VZWSNM?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`R'/$[@'``/




M

&)^/C'--AZF/R'-UZW30CA!ZR4GW52=EIT3



(@U@`JQ'PSC;L

MA!A$&


M8N!AX&









DP\0GQ`D)0B)XIYPF4QI5FNG
MQ*XJ9R1.E++#9*IJR`\`LH:?NYY@XMP@:^D,3VCJMFA]9E%J8&XQ




7
[X4ZY6P%1-^9LE:V4I\?[;:
BT&E?=/7N
M8?E)K


*K


A&)`



+QR(=2XDME*%6

MX`!@SD0`6J#F!P!R1@)P-@!@((#$#UFW+_396_4H&%?]QR$/XY@\LM#RT1(U
MGSP(&B'/NG(N``/D5/

M'5!RXU'=`\;SK&.1CJ7$%IIAK4J(H+YCQ#\\=@O0
ISIFUS;C&A.6HY23Z+
MH;Z?L$%YF:GO:OK(7F(+I:^5=%_7_
%Z!BA[?07P-CM&40A/XD5ULMUA+2(

,RT+\\U'?:UOLT/`-00!Y`FSD9!D@FW;_
0W%NE8RFQA:98B]A\

=X1+<:2%T$@V(8O"*.@H@GWP(P_VN*&V@-
MG=TP#?I'+P\L:'QZX5BD8RFQA6;X)M4,7-5T+M\6`YU#3XK;3+
W]O(R^BE
MKV`+97Z37`:N7$9CLS7:F%O

=6MVF5^'AV9(PME?I.
!J0N)NKLPC-
M:FY!0)V]SCL(-1\D'(-DI?)(W6DRI3Z3?H:N/K*=U-N

M97!D?M939:'



D[-D5
MWK$M!$=P32I#)I7S[MAF%HN$%4EN


M_P


A



M?9X)+K-S*:H6G=2B2%O@;X[YJ;EZ*[-[W)5I_7P^C3)9GL#%-B_R]DT[=9TR
M6_PX5+).MP6L^Y5%:7;UK1\&[LL\JV4C]^T8W'D(.ESSW)M[X&F]W.6P`A5V




(:=:)-BB:N\Y-9F2JT(%4/GEQH`'P#=J
M(5-'<*FOK\=5T@UB4(&



8`88(S

07;





M`_=C?9GT;@:XGI[2@_@]K0]YU3B%V



MNW2?)EN'K0/Z%?9(2K(8RTO2!AO6U8=$(G]\_]_C(W7UVH.(H4
B).5QVZM=


MA4HEFY6*]&$8R\L\(3'
3;B(L()7$53&`A\!W8A5UJK59B7-/90C


^8WXT)`^4

:[BV/'



MU)D




Q\^;


W2K;\`
M``#__P



M/3LZCB5D(W;FYUC$U+&0#DR?_W)=GZV5?P,'`NHPJ_=WGB_##YK)AP9HY-


M[88#3E695)8
J-Y=ONZ
3OF#Y6D7IN&N(@`#3BZ+!H1N07Q?JOBOS_IN*U



M9IFJ&I#BE:V!H




M!-\K^?:CJ[V
)XQ0L1
\QS2VB.)QQ29'H0%6%P_JZH&-2Y)HL@1JJJKRQ:$
M/MPO5O*1KA8+V4(G*OR3+/1NCO\DU7AOY4T3L
L
9
%

MBRM87+BZ6LRFX]F

FJ
MTIK/
`
SQ_N'NXP#:<[








A$`&M7$0(P0A\(\'+0D`-P



B3QADE?*9)BZM'
M)MXPZ2M%$@A]94AJB;Y2),705XXDIN@K11((P$@O&9):HJ\423'TE2,34TS[
M2I$$0E\9DEABVG**5.BR:;(2M9/QU.\ECQO[1$L%
W_CXWUOM=21WGS9I`
M5G1Z,'T*IHY@##:9(G-I_$6NAI??X^+IX,EQC5]@EHF_S-W``=T=XJ_?6-#
MC_SL:OL/^C/
18.=QN==(P5+



DE<$^8='2C*+65:%%4)=LDG6YQ

U%U\:Z*2*RP').6\(FGYV%
MN`T2@RRP7TY1;`*4X'7R[8=#*0GKN:%KB6R6T*CXNJ#NIO0[S@MFNVM!O^

M7NPHL^CE
EX:[@GWR'F]6YF/]-]=XH_IBG)A=PAE;TXWZ

MS

U/EVO5D&X8DL\D)]XN(9



M+J*0RW@QV!-CG+J-..




MI5AL\W?#-4R72TV9[7ANA#VMEL$5-H7I.Q6O2W(M:;$1=TIU\JVQC%*^@`






RKO\1-!CP^D)+:#5X0CO/Q&A*-`
,`R*B+HX7EO
M:K;F.^[+`&_H'8OCC3X7%/<'QXDYXB5,X*T(H#_JVM:P'P?`2UC$.8*PJ:PB
M)HX%GAY\O$\5,7!V@(;W/[RK714Q<'8@AD^JV#^)B'EC[P^QA?A<BJ5;1,1;
MP_ZD;WG/X;/$!$*2'JG'WQ7B_V/#ZF)(#'O\!&?L0P^1;`G=A[WC._@B9X1



MB0

M5[HB

AL7G:C8?3
;?;1WL[6\5U;@WZ0_&5]]M?3Q_
MO?OU5C%?E.-^.9R




ASPQWRFJ+[UJNBC.
MKLM95?3+1;G#A

^9O=_]

VL&/$+&9M!]S9_*?Y4W;:?.UK.9I+#?'WKF!&(


![WB]7!2+M8\





M.9N

M
1_T!^5*JK+NWJ:\RB-`:WA[;);V6FYK9FL]Q%+RCEZG?.)POFWOS
R0RG
6
[*

7X_05G`&Q
0*BYS



MCYATWIT)-X/;'\SC2PP[FFQ\XTTU9@^&-D79'PW&%H`(;:V=Y'B$29J9KV!1
M9N:'/(_Q

--JBX

F=STHH(U7&AS;AG0?P62YHPD.-IC18GP_VW[W8%NN_W
M)VV*?J@$025/'-Y59%4J=\I





B1\(B1
#C0&




MS
@F)N-5%J/R)^))
O]D




MBO$=S$2`*/]





O:9J@\+]BHK]/&^:AL06E(]
K8@BZX3


M)T8*KT


^V-(DK$RRQ%B4
USW52C17E2+&]EH/10MMX1`
M?[



*;C6[M=2H7*XLYFU\/IFDK]XI6



MS!Y2LD3




%I
M#A#PDJ&;S[TA3816`%5ZJP&$**9+3D+'^%$_3M-K:05]H1B@?H75-I=J4B;Q
M]3G
M%I2QQN;;YNHQ'(3XO2L;WU@GREVL#I1XVF*2(Y0:8_24ZM`;0T2T;
M]WE0:;MM9TKDVW*^;H/CGG9%X4U'%([KCGH3`0OATY:SIT$TK:5MQL;
/E6+

M29Y
Q#+-?$KP

M+.&AK=E0_[YTQVJ$:@:


UD`I
YO\0L^?F.B)
$UK2+00('6Y*O/K1H)%U2H:]P416

MK(P_*_/E1(@7`:D9%1MM0CU11Y#^V/GDB)4L9EX^DM5J:]@=D?8UCW'-H7-
MF6/EH).N$2,;;HA+:6RX8*X_M'I(A,A)DBXI+BM\'K*@CE'P2.7DU@+9!RX
M!P#S84G1R$7J=3&U
)QE(YL&<JA9%9X


K0^-V*?:Q
MH#F]P0R
)*N/B







M
^67T-7BA1

M`:6U)M^)@7&]T6K:B8EM@)=`F7DOQJ

W:'9+K$Z2`!M
M!G2C=GL4+(OMVX1M.JW&.3%@`E/W[U0)YA6IV%R6^F5G0!RZO&Q5!(\I-N



W?BW.H3O9@81+)C




M[:F+Z(6@R-/[L`XKB!L$UI1


!X&JM=H/OJ:6

M;`%19Q@X:5^9P+T7`25J3F9D7\!K=$%CA2A
6QNE'HO!8\.RIH&#LPAJJF[$
MK(Z05D/QCJ8ZH(2UT)74B`W]VD(T1PKBG29X:`]F(JOP?-4^;I00#*?D*RH9
M1:YF+VUVIQDJS5)*;.6`_


OGPO3&!=LY'C^
M-+0$ADQM'L\&Y

M(O7PLPD/9&;4$

M/Z#Y?4)SEY!2KX[OR`/UX[GPF&T!CS75
6
9L&P5QS+FU
-#W\K/5[F;9$_-

MD?26YKI+&0KC44PCUH6-2W:74Y'LX6A&YMHU8LWLPAF8ER?FLK_R0VN9E_LM
MMKIXR1D@!+9M?%8D]^ADT5.9
/N:\KX:A:XNP-D!RFS10721






LO


&YLOA$T6@UW?
A$5__$B%



MV0M7]DB3SJ2AU^6@.('S5C
XDOD[FG#

O+9#)
MMN_)^.5(:
-:4_D@6(BP(



!LBQMZ_/+S]ES6'2MTQV0YT6CXW`%]4R@



M9U5]JQ5!C9?J2'*GI6/N:3B=D_KL92MPAQAK;2S)7Z`G!&H_(+5=2_NY
2

^8RCY+
+K994P)#^=W$['F]=(G%+;N

JNOV:


:B[=UXAR-2H=H4IENE362\J:@XA_%W2X:'IN@!W:$@.YO-B'ZN`RP


`9-R(\LT*]/1S#]0MS#4Y




M(^OF=]?@%

'ZM:_PJM99)(T
(!I#)6


Q
6;R)/6-4D`F0-\1RC


MI!Q00!^!

^9;BPOF[F86W34-


$

IZ/2-LP(WD'NI\89






M+49-OQS2


Z:9\E+G(N


6.1V*+P*%X]8O&1P&^:':H=







V!WTJ*D(.5%E(4P^


MY!LCD%_B&W*YV*3]1H

MY(




M![WUQ/CM

M\&2807J]I5LQ_M*\+CMA6NT2/7P9$=A@-E





GL$*(]P7#L=.-'



M$_YFNG0

!KS63MA^^G_\ZR



M[X?0J52M/N#Y7I&OS6HXFQ8(B0!%
PSI#D7`H

MQ$EAN]@=L=-%U=-EF?K

8&X/K



M4.5H

MU4[!K7OD];TC7JTZ
]0#Z[X[XH+?N2K*:`Y[(!,[@VU`KI:%T%''B-&^E,U
M_!L#IEQ(\7;!?;_;6_YYE^@3RF@6G







MC_G8
S;8<QLU_^7^(.]?<.)(DSU\E4:C9#4H
MC4B*HCB#;2#YDKA-D6PF6=VUC?W`1TK**HKD\E$J+?;#8JZP%]`!YA0Z2I]D
M?W\S=P\/]XAD4E4]#0QZ2LP(#W=S<WO^S9Q0!Z.UTBG7YDHIQ/X!RI]TXOL


MQZ`Z#K1\](+9RZ=G'Z!FDMULX.ZZ7&OE@CA&G6Y\1*/+3;.&.-AUDE1$N5










(*P]ZS




!A?N/1TY^

:#]XKEI;=Y=AUAKK
MJYO;]+$Y^2R=@_:/\Q4ID)6




`IYK:0U/
M)E^=1+&W


[/54F%$E=Q1CJVNH@X


M[B7M^'*U

MJ`(I7LY+WQV
8%V]0^246CM#7EB
J1^*&E
]L@*3N5I.5CMIWDE
TW*@DLEH
MR$HF[-?
:L]T'DF5L$M0LC$.1
A

3#IC3`LA


MLZ5%F[


274E9+P?BKS6BQ^U;)C
MG-^;!CP=K*/2B*'[CPUR78^&U9Y2X`*J4%O%HTZ6K/--KG(\*]0.Z-XNR/@A


?
P$-L2T8B*I%;?)L96S?98LB^J?A02![7#HCAH1\*/AH
MKEPSWM;DQ

A1N
M#E)9ATJPT)CLF*X4N`@X.AHS4@.7QS(2X7];A`QM5-2FE_3R7@D3#CE!W#

MTBGT!F[_JD6=




W8=KSM`Q$I


M+1S1:5FT12^A6J5?PC#P?31=K7F1GQ#I);2B[ER1$:[@_3*QJ_+T.\_E+%B3
M'8`BQIG



M
PXX6OG
+;1+!5SEC68\?R(KD9$^F!RP
PKCPJ/.]?I@$!!:;KRZD&1X[.F*




-@6_N0TE-\'95
MX_S3E3F'V83#?*A4U)+CHNXA`M[&K]=3UL@T?5
3J(D')9FG%Q?W0ETJ2*+I

MZ%`;OY[:N1?'I'Q7;[P.FSE
GLN94!GQ7ID*@VCEPI_N


M[4IF


E-A@
TZ0VZ/_:(D!<35

M6_
97_:$I@(CFT\9D%1Z7%P$/X#AA_92!&8M6[9-?83^%:
!;]0#U^8BMQP%

VJ1=X;F)J83
]68`=8I*E-B[B
RAR5





E'=]Y'^N
Y]N;A227?L46I.4;KZ8W#GHL
=ND=-?@VZ*E@&

@0T'_FMY
ML898B'L21'E_[854IR`L3S0N
D$@B`;[5.456\&S(GYKTPN
&WW28GHHQDM2



M:.QR)J/@V.(QDWJ2^



MC

ER5(^KNVX$@:WS#A]9Q!=:`W%
M0Y6`EB6/Z
I:YG?-Q`I`[&;PB^G/$ZLZ)RQWR4U&.)=*^2O;J_D9KPA%8GC#
M-$=R+587Y#XKU2S
![]
4M3Q*





-

^:R(LT3TVPF?26

E/

;&3AI.#


M-#:BMAJ1'L1\$




XLR-\#B24[*UA(RGPI+UG6P]
M2J)@6;D-GXB76SP=)]CZ)(4Y*^]H_KW



BQP(C
-3

M/RLZPBB(H;(56#[4CBIZ5A&D)0571'+&S#C)GE]^-`C`=F1?18/5ODB=Z=



]
M6ZE&ZAME)K

MPUT
0!
Q\K#U2JK]X'9Z#AMT:'


M
ULZ?5W(U9

?GJ)F9&2K

9






A^W-MBUIH



MQ1

]E[*F_;<&Y
MV`Q8FO[5J;




I`0M)8P!$'[D-V!87
MNV*X7M:

6
M%^?(3:3Q(
A50$_SFHM9)5H5JX_ZY=0S!HJ1$$=


S#-7A-YNO1U1[Z8T1?L3[Z?D5^;/XX^A0
.**+IGT/8]APX9:$.QBP*043B])3<#D06




=V2T

&





)P5`QAJ`-74
MD/I:I8D?*L(NFQG9[^(E`2GID1[1$MBG]02!JF!)Y/9=[]I0]O5NGT$N/6




MM.P`-3TT`I(G+!*SS0:
PE\4W$E)2##]M%O%^YQ!@!:.NB81U'J+'$&@
\


-2V
MF4#F
6E2]\Y$RVPUC6$.\)BU)]IBYH-)@$:
=PX_9_N;![Q0WZ.7$*VOKR
2)U[?!M7HY<F;@%A*O=3W



M6RH`H
P`##`TFF@3%06'UNQ8)[=U&Z6;








SRAN&
MA6-(S?Z
%:-F)O;'4(-T#^*3^;.2)KW7S
:P
I:QR-J1H&!O
?QYRT!53M
4
MT95\#SXT$VV-FQ\?LW



?F1L#+XL@$=E/J2[1@I5XXHON;

M[NIF\(Y0%)^L
Q[)QW79I-N28G8L=CR*;35@K
!MSCB^39FHZJ!EC.56-&RT
MA

/[M[V*YFY7I\5RT@QAYWR(S^
=H_-?S5_FY#;

3U@
MH$7]PRAVH#7)&:2H\%5GD^DOXF^8*W75\2V(OCD8*_NGL1_AVAO.2E


MV/;'.[H%573!&ZXA4QXY-E!%WMDG'$[)\8.H7(?QOZJ8P+I![_8)5;K)8LF5



MRQ$JY=;Q-.7*`QQ




KT=*


M-L)IQT$5!HR7!H?(

M&`:]6^D5F0U9'S$3=/+/_=:29D4^.1-+
O2E_?S[V82FO6#WTOM!_5T4/K


M+M[?1S1[UM?9/1NQ_%BL!B)T+E!1
!J[ZW/G^G8]8(Z^@%%&*1-G?HD:CH9W





MT'8L
DXJUQNU9YSFX/\
UN^G=J%?--$OKWZQZ

XO+@ONC

M8Q%!!WT6*5)2+'-N

L'3I\*:KV`ZNO[6JG+/(^PW

RV:Q9F_'I7[1FN]
4[^<UD7A#[T]P
M)#:)8&97_?RP7IHH:`$HPF<4-T+CKHS3;!W+UM$OCT%4;C`%XHQ5A;5)O8_



N]'^QD[Y?JS]1+R'JZW3L3*+[DB]XZ\NKM[-LR]C0LMP])7'



JI3W&$R9#1


M13EG9F
PS!EHSI?FF'5CP#?N57)[0W+A



M(+-*GS)KH67MO;S[.OOQ#A@C+NQ-=5`?-0)(_')MU14(G!QX6C!]FQ+P;-O6



X*Y=R/


?9*BZ
ML


=[:B4TL%8%X_*[-.1[30^BT=YF
M]9
UX!G(H5@*%TSM`Z


OPSY_O\Y.K[



MR%N;;G8OL-D/]T(RQQX+#




M#+?UKE=$QW1)0Q^RVFQ=+G6SS.#LQ.KBZM3&-+3X00P=3'8QW)]R?31\OL



/M]VDV+97B`-\O@
M+X@4']JU%WJYE:)-X8W08A(/2@O=O-)LG!:(.EV&M;['2VJ&$08/0'K
+C):

M(Q*2:6!@
F&

M


MT#=#QZBM#7M'3L46'[MSY5=U(L'1&DD7C3PHMJI)FVHIVVU1L^V:&5WB/1[=
``K(N)*\0^$5_R9NN)AB453U`;T`*$[*

C.

M*F?K08;FM*KEN


MG+\+````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`C_C?@]4```;```&````'AL+W=O


!2&[R?M/UB^+U\)(4$A54/7K=(F
M3=





4E!+*
;S)O+7[C
D
M
#M*ME:RPJB7S

M@
0


30ISR:3R*VDJ4IF;\

MA8$*0L]^QIKTO&:$%UV#I\43O&B\]=9*+%X8S3P?`

MM7@MQSOO+62LW!G)1;.-F/;K!HJ2IK2NI8HXWO=:`.H3#]J[XM'\-?&IKO
M9#R%N\&

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0Z]B+Y@8`


M(_!GO]@TV_IU-_[5O?W:M
\O(X1;PX[

60*M
S?8L

!#T=QZSA1&BW


M0T#E`])
5.VTD9,/E]HHIAA!E4XP=Q\H?D\IY



Y4
MYL9#8K,J@)Q6`.70


M%[D#!-3



MJI1_TZE1'JYI4AFR;U%,W)NUQA4PIP\Y\DGLY@7$EU06V36:7`HADQ9YB(
M8;E`8ED^^7)!-D[C7L\1YMJL
I!
RX#F98`PM+#D+P15
`[%W1VCD-BL&I!
M:X!V_0IY##%(#)J&9!I

P2B5;\-;VZA@C(J5GZ
M;]'



.

KRY1_2JAH'





R5.@@HX`MJT




CW;$TH)S\`!^&_DJ:@


/SXBL
!N(@_/([JH
MP+55^?(\*)21S.JO9

MWX^*#ZI.J'P7
HT8U%4%^9M1$E`!M8;E'ER(8TE6:OD&Q/)TVN)%'60GJ*

M47H$0QR_+L71?9QT&938ODZ:=DDH![
N(_21
_
NQX[T!RVZ%/`FT$G+3TFA

3(M[V@Q!E


M




&+S_P?Q
8\]Y?;V!!UOMMYS1_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`





M7
8


YX;6R45LMNVS`0O!?H/PBZ
MVY+\MF$[BVD+=`1=''F98HBX@DB0=)W_?7=)ZD$[C]))8R]GQ[.Q2Z_7=

MQ:/



MKE

N?G3X*E7UE%P6WH$W;@P/DC


5
MKNHQ-/7U=C0B

MG)T)+-O`OD%T!D
7G`+B&R!+'PR$:_/LILV8!//=:_-B

?5!0633@$<,:Y:A[P
M]H?:=N_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`[N-T(M0``
!P``&0```'AL


2YX;6R455UOFS`4?9^T_V#Y/7Q#/A12-:FZ
M5=JD:=K'LP

MRGV


ND[#E_U-'7&]!L'L1?6\*\$V@
MG!;D4*OO_/B9LK)24.T8#&E?J_SECLH


5@


M5O=^)VGP5-6TDRS&UG/I19.W`.:FIGBKW%:6G8IV:C14E'1'ZUJBC!_TQ//!




J
MQ-630,_69XCN079$APWT.
=JGW5@ITTLE7Z47Y@D64D)[W#1N[XY7S#C&-

M05_A+J@D[$M\UDK(
B9T&8_QI1CVC1:^Q:+SJ^*U18VGMHT



D]-IBUJ9H@
81X;IRY`
M`:[)L(7ZY




W/6G35U
M$@.&=CR)GM$:0V*=3[H')XHM:_-P;*SD.O:-ILST;GC*U-[UPSJ^D)FW^W+


A.!-0<:+(P]XFI96+[R


$%``&
M``@````A`*^CWX3Q`@``



MHO1D)RC)S::F]D+?C[V&L!9;AI6XA8

U
MV2UT#1%/A^XNXTT'%'M6

9
6/GP3+

*1]
MK?+7E
H


;PF)L4P31<G3\=L/P5<_`?-<?.'?46+*=W7:V-524=$?K
M6J*


M[\P@V7

`4$L#!!0`!@`(


0V5I4KY5HKJ6Q?W5

N2
M)L=3=7V8$%B7?W]VY3R&!(*

M14S9(E7'3:
2:&LA/<7`#`-S#PPL

&Y3'#7&29L!

+`&@





D]4
VK@J6HEC_:LAG^FFAW47'/5C+T7R(Q'$YF1
M^$HU6RBT==-

:6&\#+:JJ$++?#Q`TAX

M=]V

G)ACZM47FH&Y







M-N0)



M*T;0B.&G_10+?W(//HI[^`^M8UT/:Q)UD8M=@V`&B^719KDMX;CHZB$D$6-R



^?3\8=?=K)Y#-``/F6D3(+#88-N?[






DB##B+9.Y:
L





Z$I<2(;;21



M`\4#I5?TVV\I3M^C:

MF

`






'D^/J(&?
6
MR`NI*#F)U+!6H5,.,@X$!SD'!0<E!]4)#&WS:,/JD^+4L,8
^GFV5+I(ECJ
MR]X;G[XG!U4MZJ`7TQ:LM






['<<SZOB3E<\=:2/OV


B@.1`B`E
MD`I(#:2Q75*902V4Q\_(UR=0-ACB:_6*Z.Q_=&U!I*)@,B@.1`B`ED
H0
ML[R&


M$

YHSH-$?DR
ME`V1QB&12(%D@$1-*Y\66:-&^TPUF`E$`J&C?&]M94



K*!-BI]


NA2@&D!%*1L.MK8E@Y+J-'9.ZJ_;S
M5XQ4O?VW1ZIT%S;/6F7&AOSBDO5]XO$L(@62`1&&F+`A9,$Y5F`E$`J&A9;
M6U


M?
;Z2D['$KSO



&
3JO
D\_C655BHMC.

MZI$`28%D0`20'$@!I`12`:F!-#8A3@6_EU_TU3Y]W6Q4P\A*@*1`
B`2`ZD
M`%(J8#40!J;4*=X?O'QTSG0^8&]#L+3V6AL?RK`$T&1`#)@11`2B#5F:@G
MON-8/U184



83LA/;R5&

MX




MXG[+20Y:ZJYM$`29JJFI.5P3;)4*T!:0F+S]7DTC=B\RB=DW(7[\_=N]#@WM

ITV9SZ2.P=:EVD+'^NCUIQKDNZ[

M]=/S^5M&RS-8/.9%WKYUIJI29O/H6-$Z?2Q@W:_&-
VNWMV'D7V99S5MZ*&=











$6@PB#&(



4


MIGT\$XQM%&

K'M'4OB8%SC\\YE^OE[8OLT#/71JB^Q$D48\1[

2P
MEDMJ(C7P'DYJI26UL-0-
8/FM/)%LB-I'
^(I*+'@:'0[^%0=2T8OU=L+WEO
M`XGF';6@W[1B
&]LDKV'3E*]VP\W3







T3(CJ!U`.48


L1D


M7.QO8'S]/AD/8'P&VO`GJAO1&]3Q&BCC:`[SHL

M0S?C,U4O9MX49\_/*N?@
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`

M&'YO;
G7&$F*L2A*E%K@X*`]Y]EQE
08VPHL9S+S[[LI4A&YE^K+O
3)Y\5M





MM:D27%]E9JO0:U.%SO%-VAJU2=K\U@



`U\2=TBF0U\CNS2L3M*E8752HPE&H[JGQL'LEBD4
H_F$78*(#Q(<Q!Q(#A(.
M4@.TD4V_**[)4)
[&L\&6MF]5M7+QI1N5J=;5H^B&XH[I\;L6BR-IKY#UFM`


W98]\T[WCU;[
MILVG;(U;&LW4N#:%\XW

.M].




M31-`8B`22`(D!:*`9$!RE_C.Z-3I3IW3_:*#/S1
&U+K^_#2BMJ3CX`((#$0
M:4DPFN/AS?L$B0P)(4A;3BKCTW!D`Q([A+?+!W_KC#+I$7WUCV?LM2_#(S(
M-8L3`9H8B+2DN9W==LRH!$:EWJB)O@GR::A@4`8D=XGOF(Z%KF.7W:0DR9=

821B5`4B`*2`8D=XGOD\Z
/^&3B9JN3_
I






F!B*!)$!2(
H2NVC5:Q8+:AD
REWB^_-S@3KL

@`D@
1`))
M@*1`%)#

MU:?S04CN#O+]Z4K(8^K]

M8X:U1(`F!B*!)$!2(`I(!B2WQ(8?]BS)]X?'XS/M@[%X/N/?.^D!.WL`!D0`




MWLPH%QW


]$RXHZS+DKAQDD:YD
S7MBW*

/[KI(D;W=

P`5^Y59$:
MGQKYC9T_$GHX2ICM$`I2=:VKUX*($AH*
2LO5$DE:T``_EHM52L#&H)?AO]G


):H5323##

M+CO-1(.N&Z=.:+CD
\3S`WC/+BHJ-&+J1F_15?!2=[EC-'/13;W8;%T^1;PH
MBGQ35R.F;OP6707/=5UC76I&ZR9Q'`:&2SY#_#2)#*30B*FK3M+%B\J']_C_


M6RZ-$G-]YE

M!'[PU#MI
;Z#DWDXQ^SQ!IR


BYX;6R4

MUW09/E




UN5




;QQ(5D?
M

B9Z?EL:7Z^C0?N%


M%Y




MT=\S`TRH$FUAF))TG3X_$N.U+:RA3NO%?G'[8;OY?D&#GTIG][HP4TER8[SZ



MT@)10#20#D@?$Q8Z35MGA&ZLS1S-8I?CP!D-*\=0YI4CR3!PDH3GJG9'J7.B

::


TSF_DNY@X-WV
6$)
M
U+E:
9^V[S^*&




ZZJ$S$[/1K';-&
83ET9(L5+/S0


_D&






\
M148WQP/OQ-3N9'987^Y24-X5HAI1@ZA%I!!I1!VBGB$6
^5!PB.W`







-2J9X8D4Y^1M(CL\@
@'`C*!%/=BMG
M%6^

M]*R2/T]MG:.HE4+?&JTZCYSO(IW`72!O





MX(DOWQ[QJI#/:(.5+X$:48.H1:00:40=HIXAGB$ILH]718%ZVJ.H*A#5B!I$
M+2*%2/J$/4,\9BE[#55\;XEA/26GP\XF4A;F!4P2J4A?
5$MF@58M((=*(

8B^JV$H[U]`&Y4



ME;/RKYKB0T'-7/

&'T5K]P_?:^5GAG)Q=VAJ&^K@


6UD2


M3V[
\WH\0L_G*9ZQ(_1]N4^CF::3C)WCCKIFU-YTS
B9/^4WGVB8X27=F;$Q

\$B=%3?FU3H\0J_2
M4=QC1^CGUI3!\2




`

MLV&;YLPHTKS4A85E]14;]'#(
^+1[*T@92.

MU[?+MXP6%S#QDI_SYI

M.4


FU'OROU2=Z#:M\

!T3R$B
M%MAR_^F1.H.
@IF)/666


S('45'*L)3*LXFEFOR

K?
A3._[^A

MOB._D/+P?
Q%XI'S6K(CE-]YTT1#7PXO+2)MVL*GK58

%LO8JL2NE6#5
MR\QZ8^/03`&X1A$8Q/03(`!J2ERPT4^?^1&V:&Y::-:MN0;)&B6@E6A5O
M#/PQ
8@'(-H#.(Q2`9`200L6B41MWM.6PM

M(CXB`2(A(A$B

M0)FT&J@@]E




.J0
AK%7LI'Z
`HQC
M*
8HT1!:LSL6#6



MP`-OITLXZ]W@E@DC\[UC9`JZ`KSA3AG=*[CPN*1'\FM:'?.RUL[D`
DT^=Y?
MB2L3\:.19X`7VL!-!^0;/GSA:HO`-F*RGG6@M&E_@%-&=UFV^1L``/__`P!0
M2P







M

2(;)#)$8D021%)$
D'Q



VB42#


#=7IBX6;.OR!9%9_@SM)W=99)*]X9?
3I








M*9WNMY^BR#)5+*\[GIF;=N=3L406?Y*_;#W\^OVPGWUKSGW;'1_G]L*:SYKC
MMMNUQ]?'^7]^RW^)YK-^V!QWFWUW;![G/YI^_NO3W__V\-&=O_9O33/
(
.Q




TBW
ME!WE8XZ7\1(R/3WL6AB!*/OLW+P\SK_8J]IUYLNGA[%`_VV;CW[R_UG_UGT4
MYW;WC_;80+5AGL0,/'?=5Q%:[02QDO6.A]GX%_GV:YYV;SOAW]W'V73OKX-
M
-T^C$@
;+7[D3;]%BH*:1:.+S)MNSUT`/Z='5HA#:C(YOOX^='NAK?'N1LL




M1@@%B[2I3(3Y8H3%:H#)!/0%+*,NE-J#TOZ(V(HVH#8YJC6!2+*,0&(%-
M4A-D)LA-4)B@-$%E@GH2%@Y;)N6Z_L/:D*T@IV&:*F`UW+&-N]%=A

MJ1BIIX0










EK$#UA@P9J;B$D:4



M9T31H1%3GW

\^1@0A9;I?G


62\'2VW\-Q


$TYRCC*.2HX
M*CFJ.*H)HF403OF.

MC^'4@R*B4V]NS3KJ




MOJ&V=L*5V&%A'.Q*!%?&[W'8E1BNC
;9O.):\


M+W-H965T


MI)+0\*4&/)7&=!+-W


F:-8WP]
M8J
B6
TQV=@$6Q

&]45FL%!K
PP@5
MH9K$)MB:(#%!:H+,!+D)=B.@&0$33#/B]DJA:H%%PYJ@U8(QTFL1XP6]*1M$
M8D2VB2(I(ADB.2([



M
9-L'J))*I,BL
M=SI%LEG?BN\<WLQ?Z+)Y'Z!D=V-9S3!V3,4[VF#8-WH%*_YK0V,JNF.A/#H
M'0L#(_V-#!H6^_A&L\`UTMN*H
CEMOKA?&KLG0G231')/O.F7'N3-U]XQIMV


MMT5H!NQ4!'^;[C8[F*W1W6J[/YXIVG96.KD`B6![7=;S*,=IBE&48I1A


:0=70_P<=H*;0`)%



I?]][7/)3D7AF&JOBS+%]OXLWUL



M


B4KRMW1!^N-KWI[4;S2;3




M/H41Q8;MK

=60`N84AI.]%%**`1A[0
MRMI=N`X$JX

@S
CA(:F2FD!F`KD:!R@GDP.$9R0Z[4M
X%*4
5:)A:Z
MCULN$T0#KYV%I!:264BN(IKG4-FFY^%T\NZYE+ZC&M0A?-PH(R'$^@*KDIU`


JF]O11F'=




&?!Y
MY45L&4&UNZ8$F
N[Z2`DA

J02-_K


MN1#@.CI7'


M['`8WV!W7Z7RB:Z1$T

M^$YSI72E`+NXT=D;VX@Y1R3]VZ4;VEN*@

MW.0+@5J$H8#8/LU'MPVE-I394*Y!NILXQQ4W


MG)(^XY4H;).;U0#S^]IM&
&%+9OIUI



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`/(OK.
M?`

!1]

$*N[:R7M4%_*#F)WG]+9.STA=/D&RT)N`UU
M4A78
_:L0I\2!4&R
\I^KOP@UL)2?$QES_9Z2NAATQN0.8D9I8F+Q%1
3@
M*-!


%
L5S)])M

M6.+UDK.3!7T*LQ055EV/0B!NO=3Z.W??



'2#PK[NZRZJX%IM


(-





M^^D6G\#)_N+^YO.[E[\4;X[%YNKEZ_=O1X7^W^W-GP_)OU\\?+G[L[F__72X


MO[Q[N5B\6F\OE@7






252

H
M9[1G=&`T,#HJI/5SB\09^ODU)98R(;,^N'+-26KF12I*HEEH6B9-`ZLRK,ZP
M)L/:#.LRK,^P?88=,FS(L*-F6E^WA)RAKZPX4WT%I?E)J'2EKXMM*H8U8P:
M1BVCCE'/:

M
NH8]8SVC`Z
T9[1@='`Z*B0UL^MV&?H)PO\5#]!$A999H-B%TQ6<7L)%2Q5<VH8=0R
MZACUC/:

&H9=8QZ1GM&



NH8]8SVC`Z
!D9'

T9W1@-#`Z*J3U
M<Y7)#/VDD$E3<JIMDJ)H:V__+:KF)*$*K:J&36



[NXQ751U!M[C[J4\IJ\+D

CKYGH=V*E8ND;

=?9DY\2PJM8/I.GSMSDJ2`=P7@M\C7TENI'IT(H+4


R9NMES%8_-$+#*'_)J&)4
VH8M8PZ1CVC/:
#HX'142&MM5W+G9YM5KQF

MC#I&/:


&D8MHXY1SVC/
MZ
!H8'142.OG%I
S]/-K3Q5G0?HB&(M#N0A.5B%!RA6ABE'-J&'4
NH8]8SV
MC`Z
!D9'A;2D;ED[0U*_E:2DHG(4+EBE#%J&;4

M`XKG?(@-Q;/99QBB0?!\#&XR\;'EB!T)(4G%PUK+E,$N4EL@I_22E8)5O+



M




M)'0A$JN8A65H&%$5D%;$3/9UL%+#




M?C^U5G77:RNK1]MTIB142L-GMB&C59@/:D8-HY91QZAGM&=T8#0P.@JZ')_&

0:^
_]9?947K&+4VX`FSZ;.
MZ*)!\-P+2CSO@U7T?`AH\FPJTR$:!

]

M




MY'LT`_08&^9[5$-K:TMKMPY?;

)G+1E5


]S!;FJKR3



MN`M6$96
*D8UHX91RZACU#/:
SHP&A@=%=(#*;LY


Z
!H8'172:KNR/\WB9U9@SMS





MJ&;4


MW#[\(

M+^QM!-;=I&+6
.NVYV%K/O6JC

M81:Z
$OF/AAP$N%]




DUF21AF&7^QTIX1O


M@]`TG=
F%M=




$A&#
M+
3PR]+$\-/2Q/#;TL3PX](I
S+/*TR*ZY,`L-ONX1R`G)ZNX1!3F*0DQCD
M)`8YB4%.8I3&.0D!CF)04YBD)

7

4%%T43




C7;


:A$#+(0PQ*+&)98Q+#$
M(H8E5LJ

9S`-\;5-/:@_F874@_K$H#XQJ$\
ZA.#
M^L2@/C&H3PSJ$X/ZQ*`^
:B?
J.^*R72)'_N8BFEAYHYTG+$/T=4%
0@)S'(


R^E^1$S)Z:Z./YG
HR]3F@ES
M/P&=)+-9LNV*:!:3F5F5L:LSK
FP-L.Z#.LS;)]AAPP;
NRHF5'?53(SDGGA
M*Q]U&0PLSL*04^PB*S


F9'3
M531SY/05D)93F)I][:M[H?!DEB0L
2A
#`H3@\+$H#`Q*$P
A.#PL2@,#$H
M3`P*I\PH[`J=.0K[PD@K+PF)^0DAH0E!CF)04YBD)
8Y0&.8E!3F*0DQCD
M)`8YB4'.E!DY7263RCG6)F?\1FNQ\#60%E987.E6&$8--/\6UR9L@):BQDB

DXMB#PL2@
M









WD/E'W]+J)`OA$%8HC.?TA+F+F^[/?'4&(R#51`PA

M:H
P$$




X8(I8U
A%SAF$;HN:6O+S35[M#2L^26-&0GANLW
M

M/7

MZUROF5A+TZ=4'[TAUM0#8DT

M*YB5&88`IN7M*`BB10RA(8;0$$-HB/49!M')#J(3@^C$


;:$P
2A
_J`PV4%A8E8
M&!0F?U`XM3,*NQIQCL*^IM0*2YVI2PE3G4%A;X9Q%Z9Y*$P,HN[Z44%IBA!

/^\YLHN!(PC8*]

X%SU2$%[B]]





!*

M*Q!8S
1=P:S
LK#Z@QK,JS-L[#^@S;9]@APX8
.VIFY'25WHSLQ+J(LE.8






B.G*T!2.5UY^)-?
M-

:A/#.H3@_K$H#XQ
MJ$\
ZJ?



2A
#`H3@\+$
MH#`Q*$P




M$=ZMU=

(L!0C#$W8DGMA.3)!*^71)L
M1((8(D'^Z8GMQ3X1V3(%R)##)$A_V9S'8&*)L$_(I7Z,I%R94`:J6=6'&XW
MWFX[7.[
5-$


:1L3!E=3I6&P4]YY]]4V4IJIZ'BFQY=]



3/Z1!)X
T@M[M5
M0_



M)[

M\::@7'\+YQ/ON



MF;D`7Z&Z@`+98_@ZE%



@=P3R-+PO@









M@2^#0`:A#%8R6


MK!&)$(D1V?2)X#!XQ#[@

M$B*R0F2-2(1(C

MB1'9](G@


8EL[*T
M)F3CJ362YNYQG4[:QRC@Z&9OH=@;C
:0QK/B.EUO:XPBCF[V%C.K





M$_M\OY$W*'F_Z597/MSYE&

Z)+T1(C#R,?HPC$*
5
M1FN

43V8EM`V-+26Y`S:-G;VQ

MS[



MHT8



5QZK<]%-FFMU





V`I`\IP8'(2&FI:0F4N`!H'R$&3PQ3VX_A.$I'`2;!G
MM$C



MH;!N'R&*ZPB!O3





M*C6JF02IF6Q!*3;RF$!2*K.A7(-T

[&6W&\F
M51XU03@4+H;3;QM84&I#F0WE&J2;B27E?C.I`*EF$N1#6(=Z//6-

MMO8I00ELNV%BG$3Z29A)*9$NN:9+8Q






V$'TOT'\0]+[6W;*-.(O8NJ
%BF+;





U


I8'1K

MTH*EJ.-=#6@40'4AW(=#7@6(6#+J`UDY_^A#:-AVLBH-A*8B*4)(2VD
M2Z0#L0XD.I#J0*8#N0X4$T`1`DX8$L*#9+E=,V1.,^H#DI.:#N^X3:.-XJS


MDB(D0TB.D&***('./Q4HLU8#Y8B[N`:*D`@A

M[!N]@!0_.LB
156
(SX


MU22S

M1R_TM2J62(.K3XJ9

M70)2TL_12\166EV3)!)0`)37.\/6[K986OF#KFYH.UK;G$B+:UN6XMDR:?7N

0\&V\%'T\8?_!7
M#_PY2UO0)EA!
X\=-HX/
W

MBU;ND?;P]`3JPH
&/#42J%8V*P%[2GOY`Z:VQL?+^W\!``#__P
`4$L#!!0`
M!@`(````(0`_D3=4'1

M+GAM;*R=6W
;N8['W[=JOX/+[\=6=ZM;LBK)J;COU]K:.KO[[-A*HAK;2EG*


M^WJ]OR(-K[N/U]_W^Q^KV]O=X_?UR\/N9OMC_4HM7[=O+P][^N?;M]O=C[?U



M'Z\_!ZMA&5W??OHP&NA_-^M?.^?_KW;?M[_*M\U3MWE=D[5IG=0*?-EN?U.B





MK\GPY





M
(-5%W=^6#*(CEHG+W\UZE$EO09$970I'.Z6BO/.1K4.FC^QJ.)SV!R39=
M6QLDY[GTYZFEQ#P-&F\4Y:14BL:3HA4Y

M4/F-
P&UL$ETHR[Y3LS%)$;N7`P2]IE[57X::*EXZ?CB9
=WBL]`)1C.C$]
MTZ0C[C0U$B8#E(W#T/X8K2A

:1M)B?O5FI%R/8B0\



M7#J&JI\W%8.$Q6(_X)N.PF*3'=\)^.%%`7^4]J8)T3TU4L)BKI2PF+K=]BUV




M!A#E


YQ1`;JV8V5IG#S$A9A\N
KC@9W[R=A[
[[P3
K01;N3!H;F_2



1#/





MRJ(





3?()**!_YQ_
M@5U*5%RA5T5AS/OR&Q$%VFTR03^K^2B,2;S!@FWPUR4I:Q_9`:IZ=M-CWM7
MCYCH]'#K+K=345QK.JLL6J6
F/%SG6ZKBE9`%-1&A_]TZV5SHR-.O
6V]H@




@:E%S9Z6
9B_1[:T`:QX$DNOS]U0U9%18%(UDY0V7
M%:9C8C=
9I#L%4C=]1+Y[W'6U@=;(.2.]B1*BOEG,O^2#5WU/Y%QI6!X_4


M9Z0UA_.%IWE@@5&S7(?+*B\R'AA?(^G]B?_&G^E($V%+9P911T8Y2VE_BB//


D;L:6GUBW
FXT)_IT@<AM[++UC`EO4E#E99J2.#U2RE!POARXT:%K#M3A8
M9Z6.#-:SE!XLBB/O0!M88!Q




MYJE/5-
N=VZ-4D09HAQ1@:A$5&J$36(6D0=HA[1()TWU3=Y1Z)9UTD+;`&
M



EK*NF!ETXJ$J(T47_^^LEYX1
5M?2-
M^OZU`
5\`YEK7_KGEHI=MD






M7
:JGFS)$IHQU1K8)TOFJX+.:VRAAPE6ZN$`;*&'`4C;5
O]G+Q%OQ?HNUU


MPO0E'O3C-FOZ#.E


[XE



M7#HFTA3GK(/QMZ?RV@JU*O^


M.BOC#7([YR9;;&++%CMA01*9J/HJ%00JB!20:R1`7I!@0E3XTD/#_1VB(
M#`F-\&HKPA62B$A6CBJR!00:B2`6QA(5I
@!0(6L!2(V]N/2`5BO=;A

O);)@51'Q$
M`D11)$8D021-(QD1R%W?H!1XFU[@GL-F/@CJ5([_KC41\?$01$)$(D1B
P`YB(R/XSXA5_DPV9TJ2<Z-AR?N,N#.Z&SFVN5`VL*`W$.LB
MY)#2D5(-NY;D=K`L3Q[(8\DZ0V$;#J6E0)&ZI2[$?M67W\6





M&8FB[0YGC`CWC3-FO&/R:G2\S#D:-O\=J7_)630@'Z
`HQC*
8HP2C5$)R
M+$A9.8[%O_A

M1%@RFU6/V0WGUG+@BI
&`+UQX0W=:M;&;RA)25ZXXD+4^6-OUA80G%@\+C





+91C;&`-.V_WP42SXZW*=I+8L/A^)QS
M[V5]_RH:]
,&00,K<YP;4RWD--:R:(#F3'6M@II1+$P*NJ0MTI1@IW2#1A$D6W








M8A


36L`P'P






;Z

M+5/3DKO]#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`:[_HZ.T%``#T&```&````'AL


M1]J55JN]/#








@:


]`=




M3_\#``#__P






MX^?T_&ST'

@SE%GG$`QAAB.*

R=8*P


MG

Y+0`)/




2%Q/!)

M)4.B\HE3Y`GG$^1E.A\0(Y9&.W0CY`.@?H8S42.E`CO
L$HBN30=`R0)451.

WVO$)ES98=N#%4\EU6_F9!\IT0M0M(F6


MRI)#

GKBZ!/.YRI1-*!G

)02@?@I


`#W=7X^R:W9_+#BT-[GP'/_?R)
MV0@%#3N!SS_-=Z-$8TQ$^@H$00C6'YD=
RX
-FEM`OUG+:+

M@$


MA-#5B4&`OK)F)#M-80$$TY![+1JD(.@@#2/R&X1@Z`Q*;D;S`\B*O$V)X1

G05Y,/,VH[DOT`EE7J9'?2QT'Z/32N=\&9O\S:)#


M1[@J!+^T]6MW_^2Q;OT5G^Z_+_Y*5^4O:D0W'OQ4UVW_2[B
=+HD]O!_````

M=/;()MD]=)*:S;9[8%IV0+$6K7!O`RE&DJ6OM=*&KEOPO4\FE!VYA\
-O13



B
[A$L#6C:
MCOH53%)@]L[&D
__G8$E7_/LBX920%N8QJY(YJ.


NZ
U_TY-+91%+:^`
X[FL'PF;'
X.-T-


M5EUOFS`4?9^T_V#YO3B0;Y2D2H*Z3=JD:=K'LP
F6`6
;*=I__VN;2`0VJB3



MLZ%
I@`'(1Y-Z)?$0)!
!MD/M@#?)4I82D^Y_B'.GQD_9AJJ/84%F76%R4O$
M5`R&`HT73`U3+'(0`+^HX*8SP!#Z;


EO

`V!?WP

M*6PBFI2H`_040FVO%8ZASU_OT













MOJ?K_KU97M_HV.4?U?`/=S=/A^/AR_



KJO<O90G^^^GB=O_E^L?]\_\<?O[G_N[KMV=:[Q5=$E_9
MV]L_NOWQAEQ*P[R9KWBDF\

MBX;




54CG

C^GAJ!BN]I@X@9
LRZ]B.
MN$M$V;M+(!=4I.N%N4$=0$B`-?1T`J*XGH!`-EO+(L^N
Z@#`FP:CHO%Z+
M+6==DU=



MNBE(]OF-:_E7'::6Z+6=+6QY59#7$%$/*=I/#S6N$5\G%5*SQ8(0'6TM-7

-*(`PK2W7+]NOF8N7#JEF:J`%-OF
_G6:Q1KU2R
55#74`





`D]5[5ZJV0#RRQ


P46KO
('`87
[


M$NYW@4#FFE:M#.H`0@)T
5ZW7L^TUFP=XEL@FZU5*X




MQ+-F4^NZ0A!6[B4`:M*_3OK6(45*_7I^YMPSX4R(=5!74;#Z&[$JD_[UGC


M6]%DSTT@C*N00;3:T5:Z`PCI3M+W;:WOMEL;0UU`&!H.]%MV9TH5/=52O_

MRZS

MDFY3_5F


G4F49;BB
*
M(6=FMRN!*XOKR8+=S'HMAG(^Q4`.Q,XP(N:QP)1[?/2@&96Z_B`$0'GDGA+








M4BYZ^NII=:EGH9B/-
4@TM95KJ9F/M+F[B%#X
K:/($KFX=G4EIN:E'5-C5&
M7Y
B?8M=8
$:[EAPI)UY8ZUI^!-'KZHAPNV=4@\B/1@9L$&6#-(NU(CPB*



MCT23`0N
IYT


?



_KC
M?&=93&#-XNU8C_E.M!ZX]ACZKL+(=QX++
(Y



MV)CSQ`R=9ZE?H



MC-9/^A:[X#F6:


3W).2



M8R'PDL/BO.Q.:X0A$.56@?QGCMO9K8)NEL'


M;6MN*X_;Z[8MMVWS

MT[0?\Z2
*FO;


M/9%
VWAMZ8E;UK;B






H:?].$$(L\?-C1/GCUL
M:)X\=]C0^N29PX96(<^UUC1:?L*O:33Z/MV$]9I6.S_YUS0/?=%LUH?6)\^P
MUK0^]#VL29\5S9.?^L:+3_3.47*



MVB`9K:$KS4\X3ACR?&%.\_3/'^*).:?UR7

5;_C^?#=[JYO[SX?'A^/CR4__VVO[[=/[$!
M/;G[<C@\ZS]X@I^'IU^/W_;[YP__+P````#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0?
M-+


2:Q128F9S/S[O9JF:;I?)Q6K

M:7UX6N_R0W;?_IT5[7\?_O[K[B


(P^-78N3/S]M-
M9N6;]WUV./$@QVRW/M'^%Z_;MT)$VV^^$FZ_/OYX?_MGD^_?*








MV#I





MM5^YE$FS1'\ULL%E3-

UN5ZTVJ0N)
=NN


M**GFI'5T_9K=J$HU._K9BMI\
Q$5OY4WE[?ZZ&^+W^6L

M#\E'I!I$B0

&VQ5YX)4L^+:
M]0$G==@PM`NP
5N*8JF6+=L21+\TIA:M&4]$*=YE!MIP9(N?FZ-&M2E)#I9R

P
MM'2D(LR908.M)5W0DEAQK25QZLL#&;/GA/H(`33!4C;2%

D#\E'

MI?HRO(TT17*07*09TAS)0_*1`J00*4):(
5(2Z0$:8645G3N=H&M/%V0ZFJA
M2N9BQ)ZULR12'VV


%2%2
M)$B9CG'FKT[5GTY+

Z/:UNY=4A#DS][-UJ0M:$U_&



WD

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`'CX7E
MD0

!!]
MK]1_B/R^Y

M

9XB25\\H
K:DYPJIW*
MP@T\;^:6F%:HB1#Q6V*P+*

M*(09!5
5*6$%$(!?IZ1J:X`B^%F/)YK*?(7&`7+V1



G=_LFJ/;I*O5

MITOW0J6M#;;H4U@6^PZU4=%38V`!?X]J1!Y_]`6D51I+OEMAU@9''&L+/H

M4LS6*'RE


MGMCZ'CPH=`\8S/1/C;
`'D9P]B[@\PC.Q05\$<7Z'G/[S.!M4^

M971S+W-H965T-3

M&;%5



-P%E194?N48=D\DD





R(Q(T86W6F;DC
^BQ&&1.WC.A=4MW*P$5`
M'ZV-\33L\ZN^;2DF4NS!1B:V(=4

!%)O+8(0/%:$VT#:EF



7B@O<

Y._(?67



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````



ME5.D3W;YIGL




M89[]U32CJ6&L?#1FWI]3G]$

J&46+.$F7'&
M;*I!ID&N0:%!J4&E0:U!HT&K0:=!/P*7%-I#?&E4_(KX&C
FOAR9:P8^X'
5



HPO:#LX
M'DRC1VL%?1R9Z4YHV


M)R[RQI(


1
M7\J-1'R/#T@C+6-HR7A``DF!9$!R(`60$D@%I`;2`&F!=$#Z
1$!
P79..4X
M'C`C+0/FB
GS#LM%
@O4J/-2AV&'*$.4(RH0E8@J1#6B!E&+J$/4R02FG7

M0DAHC2/2)+'#*!RI
LLF6#[!B@E63K!J@M43K)E@[03K)E@OF8ROR8;?/L5-
MV:6&I$/C
8DH190ARA$5B$I$%:(:48.H1=0AZ@62\3
)\`GQL_DR)64\H*Y-


MEI)MVJ@GLO4Y5?7N&-`F_2*L%D7)8:2N`XOLPP)WT&?18GP$
$\2N1YD3I&D

MC1?8^4P%=!U8
=$3%BU





M


M.J1FE#JO7SLI

=`JT7*)4)2W/H]E2M;!&




IZRY


UJ

MD^(]9KD


M*=!RB5(5(UJ]#C55`DL72XUG=K14F56#'ENOR/?2

M$N@H4B?@#JGII[:1M9



I+

M0%2B8H6H%HHR.J8T'8^L5[)-6\F*(621VN[4N=!Z[J3\B5W*:+RGPXJ5.2F7
M;29A

M

MQU%T6@DXB

;*GKDN]



52G8[63^DN/8E&+3%4RWB&&2/]
DCU85%$W3NC[


M/2QZ^(B)I?Q@21GY$CUS:+$8ZK$@A


F&CCY_
MJEB*GS\EBQ7LWO96K#L9;U

C+H7I\YQG$94@=&AW9K1&EB#)$.:(48FH
M0E0C:AUB#I$O4`R?K^D_J%B18]4AVA1YP&W1I0Z]
KW%KP4V\H1%8A*1!6B







T8K


L$1T28Q6S59;RXREUZ)5LE:6.'#ZC
M[0)1R8:.'SZSU)'#9V%;QONUFNV-P(6;8E%H\1PC2A%E'*$16(2D05HAI1
M@ZA%U'J!9)QU577\5R1?M-YSH.J5Q'O8:P]E)^0;6V1H'/4I'5`J$56(




```@



!M=/
MB_:5`=+/+!?Y=LWHU8$FA11YEV/+ARD0&R.5C-[:GSD+EB+)#EDV[LIUP#0.


M=&L2?8;BSL!EM]*RM]&6B2?NH)Z//0K5^0P'@S%_;Z!!-TVAS()L`7B@#@3(
M[]%BB6?49S])R#3R4$-V1ZUZ*U1'H5.X\%9H'&5ND-*K1A/U*6T(.Y$#J6ON

M[M3D(8%\LA@:I)3-X)V81


M_[S?/3Q[(X^[KS?/=/]/7^Z^/8FU^]M3S-W?//[QY[??;O?WW\C$[W=?[Y[_

7?D;Q3:O

U]O5Z/+J_=N^@_[W;O?]*?KWQ=.7_??R





@MRPH+2@LJ


MTH+*@MJQH*-!:T%G07;*C.I
FC.G-X\968=-*TS$8Q.4L6NI.NO0Q-3^FE


.X-&MXRHKQ0`IRJ^S@DB(





OV9LF(T
M-AFCA5]])Z-QVKZ52T/`F$,V%G?UEZJ1,M54'3K.EDV*TD=!,1R(V:Y8V@
M$$]M4&3+9FIW04`L;\7
P/BX7`[&)PF5@0S0*XN.3PEIQHG/Z[%'
[5MS$/&
MP=L&2T5)]I#B=&1RHIRE$K^Y3






M3B
$/.+X1K/QM/2R-]
/:M@=EB
S


;RNG#&YHHOU+1!0PWC++
M&Y$*\=0*.MRS27.Z(6M\JR'I^A

MG68!A=5K8&?Q'J6@G:RBT_E^2(I@1TR7B*J`CGBK68J]C4?3N5E-FV!'O&T0

M)QL9HEQ0G
@F=H


P]2+X/4M*.C`ZXG2U2%)0S
L%HTM@B

MD9D])EE

42Z(.O

M@T
)L156B!91)\B?(


^\K;`5
\=&D9YE]EI`&*6EKAB@7=#C#-.=YA0B$0X1


9I'Z0*CQ:)?[L9Q8WQ:

!
=6KO?-UZN:

T8HRT$-/8H4E4G%/)A-8!?U]

M'X;.&




M.LX8F3@S+4M%*D1#AB@7Y/?&Z=0

J'_HE=R9LV*FGT<JMNAU09UVIZQ()SV2P&2PD?B<D92

G&]CS+2YHM85*1LM+



MD0XUFR^D(A4(D.4^*A7D[-)E:(0#!3(JH0U8)\H4'?OV+69[D^$$+GE0/N

M8B#QF7^\EC-2D87%@$B%D

M&Z6A.^W7U`$)U@&




MUKW5?/J7#[C/OIE4G)&)6!-6J4B%L
H842$E


M[15=;7)H\


MIL@_NHN=N!([





I8P,K/$[@`B%2(L0Y0+\B?`]%6_)GH*
M$0AF2D05HEJ0CTI;_S9R.=C=(&H1=8*\W05\C9%<QWG9]YG]3P^]NHM0+C;
ME%VD0FQGB')&7



MC-

M]:O[%GG(8^S[PZE(Q0L[*P:4HU2!J$14(:H1-8@VB%I$':*M0KI+7ZM?3SHI





WY7B%2\4*(#\W%?)@7E:#@L19;@Z\D-JBP$13

J$)6(



5#*P\J=LR*?FB;V






W0E2U;KG#Y0


:L`:[
USWU^7CM.5



KG])F)?CLP)0=
M0SL?
O!G:QW(L7BY]'_1M]])=3KWD.X(&#%BR\-'2KH2(@IF9G[$+)7T`@[`

M2

3P=1

M$CLAP8+
S*8ZD.E`+@$.
!II03;^!UK
J,E'-H*8.(9:!R$A%!)=2#3@5P
M%`Z!R2&`\KY=F(33`E*4,I$&.B90!DO&'GM#0UD

F
M#-4''V/Q)*ZKAG6+0GXRN6P@J8%D!I++B.(R=)+L
O;!+`:X/U?E\Y9B#]^@





M`/__`P!02P

MIL3[JCDNS+]^)-^FIM'U1;

#3=PCSU


M80'PUZ@K4AJ@2/%.QVNU[T\+T_
G[C1P@A#LC6?4]4E%.$VC?.UZ7/_#K&A(


M2$)XBAW][2H!6(-NW=4[ZG9'K%;!QO$&6M(1L-V6I(HB&IAF0:DFO(;HQ(
MH4
/D&K@?NC$&G82#*-]
)63NV)&[O0S=@W9:

M&ID4.^L-DPCP_E25+RO

M(FT8$H2TN_BN'?NRRW8P$#













M?E_

\=GSHR'





GQWH4DA2UD3WO!\!L)6RH=&)^Y&V(*H&V6B4%5H@!V23T`_/ZUFP6.)G

4T;'QAP

MT&

M8WGI
.@/6*Z4MW4R-]=4;]=:?-



;T7G9/.!
A-H.
']BU
;C/GAO8@
M@EY_QS^

`

M4_FO'ZMO(UDJRC`[A`G-R%3^(H7\??;[;Y
KS=^*
R&E!`I9
97/97EQ%*6(

XD[FDS^B08_'.(N


3
-NEG!RG
M\HOF[



M;9R9-Z`SW!#

M]O4'O50;UAU?X2C3&
LD^L9R8D*GK6G64-B=%G50Y[Y;ZEFM9_IJF;UW_9


M//

D?=D'JY

MQ3.RHKP
XT/5H4Y5=5?WYNM[WUEO:)Q:/&QM;^7:%AH:?&B'T];^ZWOU);&M




M)$#1$)@:`E@C][M;5((X01]+E8B2M1ICSFS8RJ2)+@QD;RE@50RHD0.[2QG
M__.(B3%T'SRDYM%:(V=&?K*4HC0O8&4!E+)B!(R+*3'0R;&-&11Y9PC+BRA


7CIBQP4TT9

MKV1:128YC4@[\)W22'*(L2J'(4$HY
3J=PO^GDY2MJL:2
F1E



A3JH^
B1U?7#*Y!NRV


_GLT
Z.FCT:3ZA`73=9#7XE

&P


GCS(X$1DXD]A]@0)@A?.H@!N(9?ZA'ZOQU
[3%:'CI`4
ME\[ID=UCV(^9S[AG/

MQX'MOLS?;U%DB625VG&2?IE







@I4%@I$!%@9H#05F
M%&@I
*?`P@#&$-H^OI`EOR.^0D;$%R-SAX`..`EWB@PTR2B04Z@0$F!B@(U
M!1H*SC04F!.@84!6




MR(RIMCU'J9(E;]Y?1]6%B5@C`A4-&Q$O)N
QD/Q0^6#VPE[#3B0QKT0Q`Y

4$<DWFQZ&7`E358
M$.5W#)9@VX
E$9+P)*:I)$5QG\Q9;X:WGBMDTHV
FX0N6;@*9E(RV8IQ:DO6

YDQV99QYI9LE/CDPRY







RZW36Y
K6SJH;G&5NE
0F6AD84_1T-'M6H:6&LH5

MFG%?+:J8922[K3FRE^2A`N\W-V6/6B)WS'@*D64L?G3IQGP50:4VUE2Q




%`!2)8U108




M4[0/'A1D%8()^=BI(IDS4D%O'#P@2[;F;C()0SJZ2-$G`25W5VF6#AQ?3)&E

OBY@S=X[O9:K)3)(,K3R4

M9JT9*-V@3B=M3Q+1)9]:Y\XKW3S9;)L+G8)BJ
WZX`5L9D@[*W822G0=E2LI

MWA




P[E*DZV@D]$NH&5JGY%#%H1HA


+M46ZB?QN6)%L-[W

2$U8($5K

4OHKZM
=X(YC\&6:G\.;#&V3IU
@XEL(#]8

&-2@Y5'*J)=

()W;TM=W:\1?=P*E//VSI$0I+]&2&8)=ARIP-8-H#E`U@Q@)4#6#6`
MU0-8,X#-!K!V`)L/8`L;LX/\OO[%[_L7G64)?2WV3K&@*M#AE88&E'%6SJ&





0RV'YK9TR!^O6#;6J`2TC_QT;=HIVJVF
M@JQ)QVM39.E
S11TNEC


MP:&20Q6':@XU')IQJ.70G$

DDL.50A=-)=3=R))9C<2H-`TLB;5P_U&6)

M_39HU$G;DWNP0_U



*7P0=\A%/X





MSCL^I
LF<WT[N


MI7;87B-WV)Q^OK_]L_4.;R3Q8[??7?[XHNG485MJO1R]T^;'GL[[MVEMMDK;

P4

TTYG'

XI$

;29QCKW'S^)IVN?P#RR\U'
M8.94-'WY_C'82H6^W'X
CHJF+]\^ABS9-W3]''@E.N=D(V\2%_Z-N]D%5F
ME%]N/P9E1^G^[Q^#
F3V.X[
*DO*+^$QW.[)G/*D_')S/^24)^676_LA$\PQ




@0R`C(&
@$R
M!3(#
_/OYJYWNA34G1X02TJJVSC;LO625

M6M1(]5$]%(I-T@#I9A25E&8+2RMJI*3;(-T!Z6X4E90NZB?;BQHIZ3Y(#T!Z
M&$4EI/.&+CV*&BGI
4A/0'H:126D+=;7LZB1DIZ#]`*DEU%44IKU]2IJI*37


M:-


@0RTF4MTV&N&4/(
M!

M'!2[3*!GA#*-\ED6!J9F(FVHT*Z^-E3D;576EL\NOWBDJ18_&:B/FH!HBY^=

M:MF'D`&0(91)INUC)[GC*&D`F0*99)FLY_IB#A$+($L@*TW5-AQF[35$
M(&HCBTBUH$:!70K[







-



M=U'_R`31JZ^/_P
``/__`P!02P

)5


M2RJ*$[C89GG6?$JGKE.DBV^'4E3)-@?='RQ(TLZW?.BY+[*T$K78-P-PYQ'1
MON:Y-_?`TWJYRT`!AMVI^'[EOK!%S.:NMU[*`/V;\4NM?'?JH[C\5F6[[UG)

MSXC7*404W`S\
7I*10X$X-
I
BP-B$CR(?]?LEUS7+FCR6`\'8X8P)TMKYO7

'J'@D2T8I


U`A6PWU=.`AP6KP
MAO!%?MH6F(3$.L&#2.4-]JS!_CB(-6+@3BEE


MK5%A^.`JI8;ZD[(@D
K4M$3
M



#

MQQ-3$2@*-#U_@$R12*``^'12CJ
!BM!W\[WCL=[
W6#8&XSZ`0&XLV1*/W.D
M=)UHJ[1(_UD0*:@LB5^0P'=!0H:]T!^


M



I$793[


M/^!$G]
U^T'EFF?*2=@*0ON]$;B(M.\$]D*+W)RKET+#6=[\W






MSA@_
=-CRB#8;B[0QZ`;XV6HDM\*^AW?(]0?LTH1-L#AYA??OH:()*`H$`S
ML3W&E.`+@#_:F7.
@




MRL!!!B(9.


M

MN8VY[?&#A*AB#A











%X_W@X/^V]0?G?'_
M6??6?N279O^/YE2#MV&=^`H\M^T73BWW'`+C!;'.AA7XUV6VKU^V[X?^W^U'


MOG][F'OA71`Y'@/Z[+GN^JSADO/9[KWKV^/_!(E)*2'B21&X2A'FW47
67G1
M]2*^%(&K%(%GNO(!8)1A%G5MM'-DPBE!EQO'C^2MG!5MNQF!\6'8!5R5R
MM0-6TA:NMSI@(2)B+!DVV\?[R_MQPQV+:QY=][R'
#6#`)3A98(A#'8?A1K


M*&V@

&-X#!O=$I
D(0@*4$R@N0$*0A2


M0'PHCMIC$7[




G

M-Y#$DX$NI





-17G0P*<.:&P
M])F5I6/)


L70D9E3Z8*R





%HJ@*.J-6+8;W6GPF`,FI6OU/H@G*)I406NE11K%RR9++HV5
M_?:P0-(XJ'E[:$[U3[UI=D63B3P@(+38(R0]8.V]1




MNI.P%=@

M2P

9]5AW6S


NV:?=E#U_;IT5W;*MR
S3:[Q:687B+?5D?YE)A


M`4KWMYL:1B!LG[75]F[^R5P6EC-?W-\.!OU=5V_=Y/^S[KEY2]MZ\UM]J
!M
'4NQ!LVE

*Q!1(*)!2(*-`3H%B`BS`EI
WD(S_PQLA([S!43T@
)IE$R.0@4TB
ML042B04BC0$Z!8@)H1MAGC+`A+.?7/V9M(*5/LF$[8?Z0!\DQ[1/YJP8

21F
M2





Y!X\&X*02A27629=7F:+D)KN\@K3\V0$Y9%;(&H




M'

U

M%R^$16'A#MW)V

H7RY&[A
?I4-X2



MH^^`_E?+TY*\&+Z6#Y5OY?M4WWH9KMJV

M#_!R%/X$H8)Y

;CT/D<^SPXGW4]MO'

;A9<=$,706.R]!O37VZ<O<GDG)1+L2YUD@J=T%]V
M<G';=-B6_G+;ZV^`;M7_%O0W='*]#ZHGWP?]#7U<WHN%LW]#=OFKNY$EU.A
M/UQ]!R[G0'_X^WO(AE_$I0_7WT..6].'O[Z')!50($E=28%F+\]$DJM!?PA;
M7Z^%)*M2?[C^'EB.NH3^_AY8D
F_4622):D_A/=PO2;U0.+G0G^XNA]2K$G]

@4R`3('
@



MD&0$9`QD`F0*9`9D#F0!9`E$*408595:TPKPH3JSSE.KK-Q:`J5GP2L$
T
\
M7I:`E(%4@%2!U(#4@32`-(&T@+2!=(!T@?2`]($




N
(M/T=NHN$8)%%0[#*[!`R`[0O?KJ3


9FX94851P2_K5#Z7%2-&E2V
GQJB.J(&

MC.L1HC&B:.PK[-.7E3]EV


MBTZAX4%/=`H-D#6%9C

M8:M@L
CD4HXHSRI;F&&GAJB.J


M0#17[!TT
5H+H[4OBM:!:&*4[V*P'@;K7Q1L`

MTN\=


M(UH@6B*B^H!$4GT@.Y-P4C_:G4DYK2#1[DS22=M1.UO;^HPYJNT_[&N$1])1










M?W[[^NJ/VX?'N_OO[RZRUXN+5[??/]Q_O/O^^=W%__RC_-O^XM7CT\WWCS=?
M[[_?OKOXU^WCQ=_?_^=_O/WS_N&WQR^WMT^O2
?/XX<OM









M+YO02=



M92%G&-1):X
R
0;=&8
&J=F@B`I$):(*48VH0=0BZA#UB`9$HT+*H+NS#.JD

M96(


Q6NY#
H0H1U0@

MN:`)$J*Z%3V3:FTHEUF_9*A_W/^@8#B64;MBV(PS1FMG\;D$W[,Q52X0IS


7&)
Z2
0RR#.,
MQ`EG;2/U

U+Q

W@LN-X

MK(MV?V1D%RRWX:1G:3=D2A$(;2I&T2I9HU3#B!
UXY&6CV;^7+3A7+H
AOM+

3]PQ)0CJA`5*J$-6(&D2M0LH6
M[EZ)LL7+R<$DKE-O1FK]L\XXB%#P:8ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$K4+:C9K/F(%S(Y7


UQW:UJI:WD\MMY



D%NP;F@HK$G)E@E4)5B=8DV!M

MTO9+5DM1WGG2WCP]]`EAZ5'\.A+12AGM*.)=%[;5K92+X*4N*A$5&J$36(
M6D0=HA[1@&ADM
;G20GID?Z7Z]))HYD
?%U$9R&6.K!4A')&._]0V7*1F6V6
M(@B(FE+4A#2N$A0ZJT-#][@::3;;7$T0$

MBIJ$




M[?66T@N+5&V\Z)*2QRY6G/!TQJ]+S%R&V0SC[96C


M8+H=U=GVEV9V/7`[VBZ4V35'5#Z]&]WF,`JL4&%J$;4:+5+NZBTV*1#U
:
MM&+['





58(\M$#4PSHJ*1!T%$C:@1YM9=V

ML3-E*7V%
5
AJA$U6K%Q9XL-.D0]HN%%M2

M
-UXI


MA_9WV=(^_%/.(J%9A=KKA%@S








MZBM(


MZ7N$.ZR]&:E%*\O

+(I;R

MV2%/L+!R@2K$JQ.L;!V@3K$JQ/L'!1LVT?5T%'_!1^SK^9XJVG'R-C7
M;H5&8L&^H:FP(B%7)EB58'6-0G6)EB78'V#0DV:J;MZZK;,^SKBV%E7T;:
MOCNP;Q`36^8[9$6E0E6)5B=8$VM0G6)5B?8$.C9HI^](+`.?8=Q+7R;Z@


MROM(C)6;LFF()$3YJ)GVA*WX7DX?]EC-
7(9X!S`6W@4E*4B0^6BBS:XY4R+
M!L3K$)U=4*L2;`VP3I4UR?$A@0;-=.V395D)^WTNL_TFBJD7JP!C?QI2%]
M_5MLFJ=:XB[^W-)O5*2V\8
BT5W-K4)_=1`+`0']-7-+WU]J(S\HDOZZN57H

J\YPZM=[C_10@K?+6I30VEN&?SA$;]P


Z.EE.

2(V%;&V7%6D8CX70




ME5BG2NBM4:QY46^+#;J$WA[%!JW7YI6C:J%=X(KHV`5'!HL3-Y._1V:PF
SP

M*!X4._NFWA2=,%S&A4O\]HCME(_XA$LSR\]4B/!7O*!A51^%!H&CWA=/!#@
M(]C8HDHHKE&L842*@TWP:'0
$C%EN



7@;F&R
M_X.(19%/Y'NNI^6(3$C_48ZLSMT(^D@QS]2KIGD3[ZF720H]])!WWT0^D@
K8C%0X8\,;<5RY$G/*-N4PN!'([.E)SB
MF\2ZR2N@F[SRDFYR4-S$.,B5R:=/(]GE]7Q/),#P%X$E?$HA`C_WAU48C1
M$&#F,ZK=O:=9HD0F#0@?*M(.[D!M)
;F*6SJOEP4$UN`-7D!5!-7GA)-7DA
M;F*\\-/5=[;`\EN8'C'V%UUIQ'!3/6*P`A?!=.C22($FY`[43?X`0?*'9VG=


G[S!
MI^3D''\\FN/).:(HK*CD'8%!.[E'M
LWC&TPDXN@`W*1Z`H=D(\$A@[(2=)!

=OZ/K[L2@


7$`7FD2M!CIP'C(8=,/(=,'(4,/(-,/(-,'(-
M,/(#,+)\S(SE75$:6_[8$L5%;IQ]9\S&P=D3F!D3F!D3F!D3F!D3F!D3F!D


N



MBX#]Y0G?@W?S/

MO3@E!*:VIDH3QB$`J?]\/`Z!&5(H1)-`:&S.V:749X0`Y:40JLQ4#+755G





M'[I2^AW4Q)$M::

M]$KKE7M=%8_0VZE7[LU3/$(OFM*)I8[\DEW]DKQR%TL)3==DJJ0\F3UE]5_6


M2P
$%``&``@````A`-V=BG'

M965T
S
7K;;
WPW']Y97Z_=,9KC=LN_H'
MS.]WF^/A='@ZWYY7MU0[/-=[ZY'ECY]?-Q1#\2P=X[;I_ON9V=:NN-N[]/'


K-8#^=O8[
M

MU49(61FA3VF$OK7HQU)/GU+OC&^&[FAR6]7:4O).EJ1/67)XXPS[8]'8EF(.



ME(H+SA%YB'Q$T0!HA!1A&B)*$:4($H198A6B')$!:+20(:_:$%ZA;^$VO27
M)):_;BU_*=7%7X@\1#ZB!:(`48@H0K1$%-*$*6(
D0K1#FB`E%I(
-?M#2]
MPE];?I+$L-?X\F=Y2^ENO@+D8?(1[1`%`*$46(EHAB1`FB%%&&:(4H1U0@



R2ZHY7(95WGWMEY3*HFZI%JCLAK
MLC5Q+5N^4G%.7*M`%&HJJF3@:.F7(CI6+S2[05(TI40=V\]9R8*A6;S]#6



MZ''**K


MMJ`1*U:I1N2


;L$J.;H0OR4+*LO&1'*O
MVW6MY&:JDLA(
9.AM0R=L4H%R1R1A\B72%^DHI`%**T-8253&B!%&*MC)4


MF_EN;@)*U'+^H45
8V'Z]
M(HW5N[7ZL:5&[B_7\&P0L7.')''J#6<?%;5X40;`;?6UMJ%:JV`%'(J+6V
MB%5U;</QI&\_;[%U18C2ABUUI:R2O?VQ
X7&:MT6PV327I%M2MO*@A!7+J
M[O((@[AD167:G$S4IFLFDY!;JQB)M.;+J`Y(@^1CVB!*$`4(HH0+1'%B!)$
M*:(
T0I1CJA`5!K(=(_8?KLBUNO=.B/6:U2_0U+]UCNCWY*$$S4T1^0A\A$M



%-Q+@*OT&&8:4'G6IJN.'2EJ0R=@Z$1


MU&K`4).%?FG;:V@8)+^@*B




3.`



[#]G\53(ABY1E16D6.KP+I(E``;XM_28&V]0-7EGLU9M;-%B
MTUO0$J&TD0QL926@9T
)#*0RL!^!!@@RZ`-5-+_H0VEH=KT4:U[X[65!*B
MM^A=(AG8RD`L`SL92&0@E8']!$F$I/#[8?2U0ZX4.GT




3$#S_7%A

ZBO[
M`;Z&`9Y%+/&L[1`N;95G/0WA2E/QE1.NV+UC#$0PB%^S
_H[:\Y%3;02G2`4
KE]^GS[<'PZ?+S^XWZ_NNG


M7_#/YZ\WI^_/A]O/J=/CP\UT







CBLQ+N(JAKD:K7)<%4CK$:(#'3J?CABS=Q1Q
M<:4(Q]62_=6J$<?5JC<BA@VTX'R*R9HY&N1JX1:@IB`2*M;
HFNZ00[=:SP


0






MT!MN8JQC7NB6(*8[*@?


^+=C5]B74$L0$0@Z0`+O087U^




M#RS*/&0WYRU/#`-=45K'6ES3E^I*Q:C\DR#INS$/V]6?G-Z:W(3\M*'EAO



MY(


7?(!]B:I6AEJR80)#U/^$P56[O

M$O6(8//W5./1&!G5MEA^Q)J6).HY1^52J]06YS&L2;

1:
T_O%H]-2JL^`5C
[`RB8'
O+'3!EJVL

*A/8EU!+$'


8&*E#?RV'.L-)5*ONX%.8?Z=)XK3I6FWLK6


^2]




W!/=H5











MVL@8B'DL$`NI9CX*NGCMM2\*D=!U^8`(BI&0=?%GGFFL[)NF4?X&K':OWJ



L.H0%QN
2BQW$

M0*6N3=S

K6
AX7?92[6-
RPJ&2.[N7@D9_R-G::EPCVZN]W;JCWP+DW<SO78X'S
MN



MC'%C6)9D.%%32L9`S&.!14@6?Z)

%W!09B'@LL0@9)OFN6EWR9

Z;BP6_$!W]GI8D_
L'S%?5-B^()&
MGU;8=^F`L&
2RP$EBB(4*-['H
/:88D



MG=V@\]0
?YS.Y;HOT!;A'N$\


R
M.Z%
V*&Y2OB2\C]38$^:R*


\K#_I.N^*/V]JY-@ZL1:$=ZR&NG:`S

8C7[QUJ!Z'/NE.UT\K$IY(LU&Y(
M\
R
???:K4
_8+B#7N$W#%:&*5L6TE;JE/*MK6TK:O]UA/Y7<3TP+OHMYY*6[KQ

`1_
5MMD



MOFNE
MX:P^%+4&HM\Z^G:36`A_B^SAJ+?`AOONBTK*!F_E%+46.`E?_U!K


;JM9R4<O5*3HI?O!M47F<[QRK4





_

M`P!02P

U&N7JRU-Z@;:!_QD7WI?B8_@YC(+]



Y7V



M66^1M^WU6DOMCCT1])`-ZS[(0$@KB[%`AB`VR`AD##(1DA_/%&0&
@=9@#@@

M`Q'TR'_@U;29W!(?YPO`$
0&&8&

6L0%V0#

-)&4'_84:88T1UH@.9*42P`3@XRZ?0E6\N/\&-=(KB3EJ_2K



MG+090ONMTV/[ZK1@%'\T(@T$-=)G*6FWL9&2#;2&F
-$&:(LV0YD@+)`=I

MM)&2#;2&F


MLC%JA#1&FDC*%Z




B]Z#

M%V3_G^/E/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`.#[0*[D!```;A$``!D```!X
LQ#5:ZA^HU;^O?OYI<</-:WM&






M`[$

M%211D%1!]F-$D`#Z@5`+ST




*;3*XZ
M!@EE9\G-8
NM1G7'(`^N
/?^9DJG6


MP[$LX8D7P*FMXO`:7ML/\`UY)3_[0NQBK/Q@G@PJCB:S=80USPA3&L%Z[
ME^R$?LV:4U&W6HF.$(O9WZ$:^EZF'SIV-7C!';QS87_!DPQ^UT0!I
4VA'C
MCG\@$PR_E*S^!@``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`;`\?_HX+``!`-P``&0``



M@7?:]

'$!E
;S&PP

M`:0$
@$R!3(#
F\3(Y0TU8U0G@^AL*85@O[H^3VP8RB-W(&.(9`82`(D!9(!
MR8$40
HV

OMZD1

M%5X$O7YH#K2Q


M0Y%U7ECBA:
9'$G
H15:*]98&;6&%I!$$C6.O
BSXP




M6A6F[

4[K`6\M((6.P.2X$4#I2

*)'1JQPL]FSE-S'UH]!:A%


MI

MC8H9'I'CML

MY49\%=)+_=@!%-*$*6(,D0YH@)1B6B:(IHAFAN(#.N(A-OQ_7LB@3=XJ?
M'HS1P)HQ(T=:&6D+H!BM$D0IH@Q1CJA`5*:()HBFB&:&\@(J?LI)4RC8I8P


YM9)[K)6XS9%9D(+N9BRO6$B4\Z




MHM7




T=Q`9EQ%
MA=F.ZX4=0Q:D[2*1ON=H0BH6O./+HO9ISEA;Z1WCZ
@H0:L4488H1U0@*A%-



M4;WCMV\/?P
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`%@12IP0`P``I0@``!D```!X

MJFZ5-FF:]O'L@`E6`2/;:=I_OVL



/M+3&`CDAZA$PKR

M@;W!X-D@


(-Y+L`SCE7_0`6]H8/C.T?````__\#`%!+
M`P04``8`````$`W-A



M=/_]E&T@V



MHQS1*7LMN[_Q+4'%^=)!MAT(B


7L2&'L2PYF9

K

`&-`

3\RF
M

M&ZBB_T
;0D.T&:+:#

M/@^=6
-.@F&
W?/F0NS

0F[`



1Y!)+M(EDDW*TINNZP@&ZG[IP@L$5
M11;




-UK!'#OOH^M9^P!T\

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````G%A;;]LV%'X?L/]@^+VUDV9K
M&R@N
CM9#3BQ%SO9(T%+QQ)1B51)RHC[ZW=(Q;:T'#&7-XGD=_B=.\GHVV.1






M$PUP03WH/YMKF]_B;/3ULU^!7^V53D+-!?:'%?YF#FFP77EJ#\]7.3LV=1
M


ML%L2

R70FMICE

M4D_W#DJ%@2%3[[._0:6:EQG)&


=NT8(*H!VGW!+U[LE-MNDPLB8-E8?RC`I_PB9
M^GP\YCWN3%


M/DV^*REK:O0VP1[YZ1V8
Q+3E32W7&M.MX
N2#U.[M+5DIG?AH0T4W
X<ZY&1X35J`+A^WF


M-SV=.R'C#._ID.S7/)]PSY`/]5OKZ.3LX_#3$%\8&V/1X/BJ.OH/``#__P
`




M`2K]$JW&_XK]`@``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$``]`003(!``!``@``$0`(

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````G)%!2\
P&(;O@O^AY-XF;7&
T&:@LI


M!VXD;UH#-3J`1PMV?54)2T7KX-&U%EQ0X)-(
&)*+IE;A8.-,H^XE6XI3.+5[KZ9BUW595PX:T3_'KZN'IV'4
M5)GCK@0@=MQ/PWU8Q55N%<C;`^O?7)-XOZ_P[ZR28KCP@$/()/X'CW9G9.7

`````````````````


O

M```A`$&I(\![!0``.Q0``!@`````````````````Y1

M='

4'```9````



I]


M970W
BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`PEA[@E0#```A@``&0``````````





5Z`.P0`
M`














RYX;6Q0















M970Y-RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`^V*E;90&``G&P``$P``````````










M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!7I7_P0`
``$
*```9````````````````


[00``($3```9`````````````````

$``#L#P``&0`````````````````99`$`










M970U

C$N

F[-+9.!@``VA@``!D`````````````````



M:&5E=#(S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`MVU!8O2H``/SR```9````````
M`````````


M:&5E='





&```B&```&0``````````````


M:&5E='




YX
M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`//2+]P88``#BA```&0````````````````![

M965T


M````$`M



M`BT`%``&``@````A`*[2:][%`P```P``!D`````````````````/WD`'AL


O

RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`EH:20PD#```Q```&0``````

M!@`(````(0`WF-^^!P4```3```9`````````````````)6D`@!X;]W;W)K





M%``&``@````A`-31;[QN0``MB@``!D`````````````````/=0`'AL+W=O





M970S

M``````!2$P

R+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(

M+0`4``8`````$`)*EE*Y$'```4(@``&0````````````````!W/`



S@N

M6!%*G!`#``E```&0`````````````````?50

M:&5E=#


M``@````A`$N/QL[^!```FQ4``!``````````````````&ET#`&1O8U!R;W!S

4!08`````:P!K`%8=``![9@
`````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 275
053
$ 252
038


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
154
393
150
843


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
93
099
101
195


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 27
561
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 50
578
000
$ 44
981
000
        


        
17
905
000
12
342
000
        


        
19
271
000
26
663
000
        


        
87
754
000
83
986
000
        


        
11
900
000
11
400
000
        


        
$ 9
682
000
$ 6
487
000
$ 12
452
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 generally attributable to obsolescence or market conditions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 67
582
$ 30
478
$ (27
035)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
21
300
1
232
(3
045)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
2
338


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
(4
295)
(1
453)
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
$ 49
994
$ 30
250
$ (25
462)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        















Year Ended March 31















69
533



30
929



(63
888




57
301



57
301



57
301


















        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        







 it is expected that assets will be realized and liabilities will be satisfied in the normal course of business.


        
        







 Inc. and its subsidiaries
 its consolidated variable interest entity
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. (the variable interest entity
 or VIE)
 in which it has a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is typically determined when a company holds a majority of the voting equity interest in an entity. US GAAP provides guidance on the identification and financial reporting for entities over which control is achieved through means other than voting interests
 which requires certain VIEs to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties.&nbsp;&nbsp;Through the contractual arrangements between the Company and the VIE
 the Company controls the operating activities and holds all the beneficial interests of the VIE and has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company has concluded that such contractual arrangements are legally enforceable. The operations associated with the consolidated VIE are insignificant and the consolidated VIE holds de minimis assets and liabilities.





        
        






 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates.&nbsp;&nbsp;Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company's consolidated financial statements include allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory valuation
 accrued consumer loyalty program obligations
 the useful lives of and impairment for property and equipment
 impairment of indefinite lived intangible assets
 and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.


        
        






 and which have original maturities of three months or less when purchased.


        
        







 bank acceptance bills and short-term and long-term borrowings.


        
        







 and provides a specific allowance for those deemed to have high risk of collectability. The Company also records provision for other customers without specific risks by reviewing the aging of the receivables.


        
        









Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net


 plant and equipment are carried at cost. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized.


 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition.


 when applicable
 the life of the lease
 whichever is shorter. The useful lives for property
 plant and equipment are as follows:















        
        







 a capital lease is recorded at present value of minimum lease payments or the fair value of the asset
 whichever is less. Assets under capital leases are amortized on a basis consistent with that of similar fixed assets or the lease term
 whichever is shorter. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


        
        







 plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use.


 plant
 and equipment is capitalized as part of the cost of such assets. The Company capitalizes interest to the extent that expenditures to construct an asset have occurred and interest costs have been incurred. Interest expense capitalized for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 million
 nil and nil
 respectively.


        
        







 the Company measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets
 the Company would recognize an impairment loss based on the fair value of the assets.


 plant and equipment of $4.7 million
 for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. See Note 14
 Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets for further details.


        
        










 an impairment loss is recognized equal in amount to that excess.


 2015
 million impairment loss was recorded for intangible assets. In fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 intangible assets were impaired. See Note 14
 Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets for further details.


        
        







 or the expected timing of their use when they do not relate to a specific asset or liability.




        
        







 Inc. and Synutra Illinois are United States Dollar (US Dollar).


 and the financial records of the Company's Netherland and French subsidiaries are maintained in Euro (EUR)
 which are their functional currencies. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date
 equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates and revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).

 million
 million for the year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively and are recorded in other income (expense)
 net.


        
        











 price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Most of the Company's nutritional food sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor arrangement
 evidenced by purchase order
 revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors. For sales of My Angel series powdered formula products
 which is directly sold to baby stores
 the revenue recognition is similar to that of distributor sales
 and the revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the baby stores. For sales of the powdered formula products directly through certain supermarket retailers
 who have a right of return clause
 the revenue is recognized until the supermarkets have paid the Company. For sales to a limited number of distributors from whom collectability is not reasonably assured
 revenue is recognized when the Company received payments.


 primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers
 which are reported as a reduction of revenue.The Company provides discounts or rebates to customers in the following ways:









The Company offers rebates to a few distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives. These sale rebates are typically determined based on a percentage of sales after attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products by the distributors and supermarket retailers. The Company recognized a liability for the sales rebates at the time at which the related revenue is recognized by the Company
 based on the specific terms in each agreement and the expected sales of each distributor or supermarket retailer.



 the program operator
 to conduct its promotional activities. In connection with a current revenue transaction of specific products
 the Company offers to the customer award points which can be exchanged for free products that will be delivered by the program operator
 at a future date at the customer's request. The value of the award is insignificant in relation to the value of the transactions necessary to earn the awards under other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets
 million
 million as of March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013. The Company records a liability for the estimated cost of the award products. The related cost is recorded under Advertising and promotion expenses in the consolidated statement of operations
 million
 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&nbsp;


        
        










 million
 million for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


        
        






 million
 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. We reclassified the fiscal year 2013 figure from selling and distribution expenses to advertising and promotion expenses to ensure comparability.


        
        







 and expects to continue to utilize
 these subsidies to fund general operating expenses. The Company records unrestricted cash government subsidies as government subsidies in the consolidated statements of operations. Unrestricted cash government subsidies received for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 million
 million
 respectively. Government grants related to assets are recorded as deferred government subsidies and are recognized as an offset to depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the associated asset. The Group received government grants related to assets of 
 million
 million during the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. During the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014
 the Company received $


        
        







 retirement benefit and unemployment schemes at the statutory rates in force during the period
 based on gross salary payments. The cost of these payments is charged to the consolidated statements of operations in the same period as the related salary cost.


        
        









        
        






 including currency translation adjustment.


        
        







 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 due from related parties
 receivable from disposal of subsidiaries
 prepayments
 tax receivables and others and other assets. All of the Company's cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are held with financial institutions that the Company believes to be high credit quality.


        
        







 Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd. and Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.
 not directly or indirectly attributable to the Company. The noncontrolling interest reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements
 it also reported the consolidated net income at amounts that include the amounts attributable to both the parent and the noncontrolling interest on the face of the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).


        
        










 the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value measurement guidance provides a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement as follows:




 quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset (i.e.
 interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).


 including their own data.


        
        






 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 other assets
 accounts payable
 short-term debt
 long-term debt due within one year
 other current liabilities and due to and from related parties
 approximates their fair value at March 31
 2015 due to the relatively short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of long-term debt
 capital lease obligations and other long-term liabilities approximates its fair value as their interest rates are at the same level of the current market yield for comparable loans.


        
&nbsp;







 the FASB issued a new pronouncement which amends to change the criteria for reporting discontinued operations while enhancing disclosures in this area. It also addresses sources of confusion and inconsistent application related to financial reporting of discontinued operations guidance in U.S. GAAP. Under the new guidance
 only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations should be presented as discontinued operations. Those strategic shifts should have a major effect on the organization's operations and financial results. Examples include a disposal of a major geographic area
 a major line of business
 or a major equity method investment. In addition
 the new guidance requires expanded disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement users with more information about the assets
 liabilities
 income
 and expenses of discontinued operations. The new guidance also requires disclosure of the pre-tax income attributable to a disposal of a significant part of an organization that does not qualify for discontinued operations reporting. This disclosure will provide users with information about the ongoing trends in a reporting organization's results from continuing operations. The amendments in the ASU are effective in the first quarter of 2015 for public organizations with calendar year ends. Early adoption is permitted. The company has decided to early adopted this guidance in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015


 the FASB issued a new pronouncement which affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35
 Revenue Recognition&#8212;Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. In addition
 the existing requirements for the recognition of a gain or loss on the transfer of nonfinancial assets that are not in a contract with a customer (e.g.
 assets within the scope of Topic 360
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 and intangible assets within the scope of Topic 350
 Intangibles&#8212;Goodwill and Other) are amended to be consistent with the guidance on recognition and measurement (including the constraint on revenue) in this ASU.


 an entity should apply the following steps:




























 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The FASB has tentatively decided to (1) defer for one year the effective date for both public and nonpublic entities and (2) permit entities to early adopt the standard as of the original effective date.








For completed contracts
 an entity need not restate contracts that begin and end within the same annual reporting period.




For completed contracts that have variable consideration
 an entity may use the transaction price at the date the contract was completed rather than estimating variable consideration amounts in the comparative reporting periods.




For all reporting periods presented before the date of initial application
 an entity need not disclose the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations and an explanation of when the entity expects to recognize that amount as revenue.


















        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 share-based compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 operating versus capital)
 (2) how the term of a lease is determined (for example
 the circumstances in which a renewal option is considered part of the lease term)
 (3) how rental revenue or expense is recognized for a lease that contains rent escalations
 (4) an entity's accounting treatment for deferred rent
 including that which arises from lease incentives
 rent abatements
 rent holidays
 or tenant allowances (5) an entity's accounting treatment for contingent rental payments and (6) an entity's policy for reviewing
 at least annually
 the residual values of sales-type and direct-finance leases. The disclosure also may indicate how the entity accounts for its capital leases
 leveraged leases or sale-leaseback transactions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 22
980
$ 10
364
$ (9
192)


        
(3
699)
(3
206)
        


        
        
        
        


        
(26
456)
(7
597)
46
700


        
        
        
        


        
2
331
        
        


        
        
        
(1
441)


        
1
489
        
        


        
$ (4
449)
        
$ 37
186




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority noncontrolling interest income (loss)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 increase (decrease) in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 increase (decrease) in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
$ 177
000
$ 176
000
$ 92
000


        
$ 525
000
$ 555
000
$ 201
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Interest Rate
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Capital Leases
 Term of Contract
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 195
742
$ 156
790




        
          

        
          
            

 sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 1
556


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


 2015

          



 2015

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2015


 Inc [Member]

          



 2015

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2015



          



 2015








 2014








 2013








 2015








 2014








 2013








 2015

          



 2015

          



 2015



          



 2015



          



 2015



          



 2015






 2015


 Ltd. [Member]

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
&#x20AC; 200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Percentage owned in foreign invested enterprises
 benchmark percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(800
000)
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(4
449
000)
        
130
000
37
186
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
9
048
000
        
38
604
000
56
971
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
12
800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
9
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
262
000
        
6
000
206
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
260
000
        
        
15
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Special circumstance qualification
 minimum underpayment of tax liability
        
 100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Valuation Allowance
 Derecognized Amount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Taxable Profits Benchmark
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Benchmark Percentage
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 minimum underpayment of tax liability
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
$ 1
820


        
1
718


        
1
718


        
1
718


        
1
718


        
47
298


        
$ 55
990




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 38
604
$ 56
971


        
(26
456)
(18
341)


        
(3
100)
        


        
$ 9
048
$ 38
604




        
          

        
          
            

 Additions
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Deconsolidation
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      


































 2015

          











        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 110
171
$ 115
331
$ 102
464
$ 85
975
$ 98
739
$ 101
034
$ 88
556
$ 82
205
$ 413
941
$ 370
534
$ 265
770


        
54
174
52
717
43
900
38
763
38
234
40
303
38
889
36
081
189
554
153
507
94
559


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
57
797
53
710
51
005


        
664
885
        
        
        
550
683
        
        
        
664
885
550
683
        


        
195
742
        
        
        
156
790
        
        
        
195
742
156
790
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
15
848
10
812
9
282


        
(13
007)
        
        
        
(9
672)
        
        
        
(13
007)
(9
672)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
386
807
314
459
224
773


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
188
235
155
694
99
387


        
626
317
        
        
        
505
799
        
        
        
626
317
505
799
        


        
180
495
        
        
        
139
487
        
        
        
180
495
139
487
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
18
516
21
987
6
836


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
708
(2
659)
(2
810)


        
38
878
        
        
        
51
289
        
        
        
38
878
51
289
        


        
14
039
        
        
        
15
807
        
        
        
14
039
15
807
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
15
752
10
688
9
212


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
8
618
34
088
34
161


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(2
018)


        
2
169
        
        
        
2
422
        
        
        
2
169
2
422
        


        
1
208
        
        
        
1
496
        
        
        
1
208
1
496
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 10
528
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 10
528
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd. [Member] | Scenario
 Forecast [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 130
426
        


        
75
174
        


        
41
892
        


        
27
561
        


        
$ 275
053
$ 252
038




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 the Company used the following weighted average common stocks outstanding:

















Year Ended March 31















69
533



30
929



(63
888




57
301



57
301



57
301


















 2013. These warrants were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for fiscal year 2013 as they would be anti-dilutive.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 5
845
000
$ 1
040
000
        
        


        
1
100
000
        
        
        


        
1
800
000
        
        
        


        
3
200
000
1
900
000
800
000
        


        
1
000
000
1
900
000
6
600
000
1
900
000


        
3
700
000
3
200
000
2
600
000
        


        
5
000
000
4
600
000
3
900
000
        


        
3
700
000
3
200
000
2
600
000
        


        
600
000
900
000
4
200
000
        


        
        
200
000
200
000
200
000


Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
4
726
000
1
040
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 4
700
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        














March 31
 2015

March 31
 2014






















Total debt











Long-term debt
























        
        











March 31
 2015

March 31
 2014
5











3











68
17




































        
        



March 31
 2015

March 31
 2014














































        
        





Year Ending March 31














































        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) including: (1) description of the short-term debt arrangement; (2) identification of the lender or type of lender; (3) repayment terms; (4) weighted average interest rate; (5) carrying amount of funds borrowed under the specified short-term debt arrangement as of the balance sheet date; (6) description of the refinancing of a short-term obligation when that obligation is excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet; and (7) amount of a short-term obligation that has been excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet because of a refinancing of the obligation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 187
085
000
$ 145
833
000
        
        


        
5
845
000
1
040
000
        
        


        
        
1
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment fair value
700
000
        
        
        


        
4
700
000
        
        
        


Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment fair value
701
000
3
605
000
        
        


        
4
726
000
1
040
000
        
        


        
300
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
1
119
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
1
200
000


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
800
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
10
700
000
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment fair value
$ 5
700
000
        
        
        


Powdered Formula [Member] | Ausmeadow and Huiliduo Brands [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Net [Member]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
$ 5
137
$ 11
352
$ 12
167


        
(2
189)
(3
116)
1
856


        
        
(3
099)
(2
671)


        
2
941
5
137
11
352


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
2
248
2
682
2
164


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
446
2
248
2
682


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
38
604
56
971
13
589


        
(26
456)
(18
341)
46
700


        
(3
100)
        
(3
318)


        
$ 9
048
$ 38
604
$ 56
971




        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        











March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014




1
025



1
918

Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.











3
732



3
451

Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.








Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.











4
768



5
464



        
        












March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014










Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.








Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.















1
556




        
        















Year Ended March 31








Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.













St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
















Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.













Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.































        
        














Year Ended March 31












Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.










4
674

Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co.
 Ltd.*












Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.























5
262







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
$ 5
845
$ 1
040
        


Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment fair value
        
3
605
        


        
4
726
1
040
        


        
        
        
        


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2015

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2015



          



 2015



          



 2015



          



 2014



          



 2015



          



 2015



          



 2015

          



 2015





          



 2015





          



 2015





          



 2015





          



 2015


 Yuan Renminbi

          



 2015


 Dollars

          



 2015


 Euro

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 145
639
000
$ 115
917
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Maturity date of the debt outstanding range
 start
        
        
        

  2015

  2015

  2019
        
        
        

  2015
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Maturity date of the debt outstanding range
 end
        
        
        

  2018

  2016

  2019
        
        
        

  2016
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
21
700
000
20
000
000
        
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt
 including current portion
275
053
000
252
038
000
        
        
        
27
561
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
11
900
000
11
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

  2018

  2018
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
420
692
000
367
955
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
171
800
000
187
700
000
61
200
000


        
        
        
        
11
900
000
75
600
000
37
400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
142
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
14
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
57
500
000
53
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
17
300
000
15
600
000
14
800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 generally by contractual agreements or regulatory requirements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity
 or other) securities whose use is restricted in whole or in part
 generally by contractual agreements or regulatory requirements. For use in an unclassified balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        














1
820




1
718




1
718




1
718




1
718




47
298




55
990





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 cost
$ 167
866
$ 196
582


        
75
172
77
269


        
94
391
26
520


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
187
085
145
833


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 cost
1
447
        


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 cost
5
753
5
744


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 cost
80
013
86
769


        
17
790
17
986


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 cost
65
790
88
007


        
44
193
48
942


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 cost
11
146
11
507


        
9
599
6
400


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 cost
2
577
3
452


        
1
834
2
491


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 cost
1
140
1
103


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C
M9&%F8F5A



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C,3)F83,T95]E,35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y
M931C9&%F8F5A,&8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R
M9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?3V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O



&-E;%=O<FMS










M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q


T0B


M

#I.86UE/DEN=&%N9VEB

#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@
M2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T

M:71A;%]

M968]
&-E
M;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA
M;64^26UP86ER;65N=%]/9E],;VYG3&EV961?07-S971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


O4VAE



#I.86UE
M/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O






#I.86UE
M/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O
M4VAE970S




T0B5V]R:W-H



M=#



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\


M=%]!;F1?17%U:7!M96YT7TXQ/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T




M+U-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@


M(#QX.DYA;64^1&5B=%]486)L97






Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




O

#I.86UE/D5A<FYI;F=S7U!E<E]3
M:&%R95]486)L97








5]O9E]3
M:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=6YT

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-










T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


O4VAE970U-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

\












M968]

O4VAE
M970V

#I.86UE/DQA;F1?57-E7U)I9VAT<U].


O





O4VAE
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='
O4VAE970W




S

T0B5V]R
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O

O4VAE970W-2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS


#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX

O4VAE970W-RYH


#I.86UE


O4VAE970X
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC

O4VAE
M970X

#I.86UE/DEN8V]M95]487AE<U]#;VUP



M/'@Z3F%M93Y);F-O;65?5&%X97-?4V-H961U;&5?3V9?56YR96
\+W@Z3F%M

;W-S


T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970X-BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E












M($A2968]


M;F-I86Q?26YF;W)M871I

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE


#I7
M;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T.3<N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M=%=I;F1O=W



M=%]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A





]

]
M

]
T1T


]

]






]
M


]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y-87(@

]

M=#XR




]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@




]
M


]
T1T97AT/BTM
#
M

3PO


]





T1T;W`^16YT



]



]



M/3-$=&5X=#Y997






]



'0O:'1M



]



M

]
M



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#4L


M



]
T1N=6UP/C8W+#(Q



]





M-C

M=&]P/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M









]



]
T1N=6UP

]



T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C
X










]
M
T1N=6UP/C0L



]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

BPQ
M



]





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]


]


T1T





















]

]
M




]



]
T1N=6UP/C
Q


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


T1T

]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]








M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@*$YO
M=&4@







#`P
2!P87(@=F%L=64Z(#(U





]






M(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

2PU




]



]

]
T1N=6T^*#$T

]
T1R;W4^#0H@



2PR





Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q







]






]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@




#`L
M

M;7`^
C4P+#`P


]



]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P
2PP


#$L
M


M
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M871E;65N='

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]


]


]






M


M1&YU;7`^





]
T1N=6UP/C$U
RPU

]
T1R93X-










]






]
T1N=6UP/C$L




]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V]V97)N
M;65N=!S=6)S:61I97

]
T1N



]



]
T1N=6T^*#$T
M+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#`S


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L-C4X/'-P

BPS
M

M=&]P/D]T:&5R(&EN8V]M92`H97AP96YS92DL(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@






#
U*3QS

]



T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92`H

]
T1N=6UP/C
P
M+#


]

I(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T

]
T1N=6T^*#
S


]


M9VX]





@86YD(&1I;'5T960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A
M



]






SXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@









M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C,3)F83,T95]E,35F7S0R-6-?838P
M.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A,&8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8S$R9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V

M='
O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R







#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M:61A=&5D(%-T871E;65N='




]

M86QI9VX]



]
M





M-RPP

M1&YU;7`^



]
T1N=6UP/C$L

M;3XH


]




]
T1N=6T^*#4X



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
S(L-C



M93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V

O4VAE970P


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@3V8@17%U:71Y(A54T0@)D\8G(^






T1T;W`^0F%L
M86YC92!A=!-87(N(#,Q+`R
#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP-C4\

M(#DW+#`Y

]

]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P


]


]



T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M

]
T1N

M;G5M/B@S
S



]
M


M1&YU;7`^


]
T1N=6T^*#
L


]


]



#QS


M

]
T1N



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R+!S:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]






M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;&%N8V4@870@36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


]
T1N=6UP
M/C0T

M86QI9VX]

S$L(#(P
3
\

]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C`\


M

M1&YU;7`^



M1&YU;7`^



]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C





M








]
T1N=6UP/C8Y+#4S


]



]






]
T1N=6T^*#$Y+#`P




]



]
T1N=6UP


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$T+#4V

]


]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P


]


]


C5C7V$V
M
#E?.64T8V1A9F)E83!F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V
Q
F9A

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5-1$%)/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M




]
T1T:#Y-
M87(N(#







BPP
S$\

M(#
P+#


]
M




]
T1N=6T^*#(L


]
T1N




]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#0U


]

\



M;G5M/B@Q
2PS






]
T1N=6T^*#


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(\+W1D/@T*(`@

]









]

]
T1N=6T^*#
X


M
T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97




]



@86YD(&]T:&5R(&-U

M+#`P


]

]
M





M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S




]

]

]
T1N=6UP/C8L.34T




]
T1N=6UP/C(R



]


]
T1N=6T^*#DW

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-C$I/'-P

M


]
T1N=6UP/C8R


]

]
M

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R.2PU.#(I

M
38L

]











BPT


S




]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W








]
T1N=6UP/C$X
2PS


#DL
3$U


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.#
L



C8X+#DP






T1T;W`^4F5P87EM96YT

M;G5M/B@Q
SDL




]
T1N=6T^*#$L


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N=!T;R!H;VQD97)S(&]F
M(&YO;F-O;G1R;VQL:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T('5P;VX@;&EQ=6ED871I;VX@;V8@


M


]

3DR/'-P







]

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(&-H86YG92!I;B!C
M87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

M97%U:79A;&5N='
L(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@











]





3
L



















]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M






T0Q


#$U/&)R/CPO





M87)T7V
Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE-&-D869B96$P9@T*0V]N





]

M


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@



]









'!T

M+6EN9&5N=#H@







T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#`N


]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I
M8V$L('-A;G

M3!!0U1)5DE42453/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X-@T*

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@







'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L










;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C
M9&%F8F5A



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


'0M=')A;G-F;W)M
M.B!N;VYE.R!F;VYT.B`Q





M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X-@T*/&1I=CX-@T*/'`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@





M)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0G







M=&EO;BP@:70@:7








M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!F;VYT.B`Q










M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q



@
M:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@;V8@4WEN=71R82!)


















M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q





PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@



'!X.R!F;VYT


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

3L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I


@;V8@82!S=6)S:61I87)Y(&ES(&%T=')I8G5T960@






PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@





'!X.R!W:61O
M=W



M;VYT.B`Q





M;&4]

M:#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
C5I;CL@

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M




'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z(#$[(&QE='1E






@;V8@






M*#`L
PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@






M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`P:6X[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M



\



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L








PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@



M97


M;F4[(&-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M






T0G;6%R9VEN
M+6)O='1O;3H@


M+#`I.R!F;VYT.B`Q



6QE/3-$)W=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[('=O<F0M

'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L







M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!F;VYT.B`Q









M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


M;#LG/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@86YD(&-A

@86QL

M;6%T92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@:7
@;6%D92!W:&5N(&-O;&QE





PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N
M=#H@



M9SH@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI
M8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

3L@;6%R9VEN


M=#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

]
M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L
M('-A;G



T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O
M='1O;3H@


M.R!F;VYT.B`Q




M8VEN9SH@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L



@:6YV96YT;W)I97



M(&YO;F4[(&-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M;CH@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@











PP*3L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!#86QI8G)I


M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M92UW:61T:#H@








PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@







M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q





PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@



@8V%L8W5L871E

T0G



M=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

3L@





RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`Y

]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G=F5R=&EC


M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SY0;&%N=!A;F0@;6%C:&EN




]

]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




3
L
C


M9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SY/9F9I8V4@97%U:7!M96YT(&%N9!F


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M9'1H.B`Q

M;G

M97


]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@





\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N
M93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L








M('-A;G




M
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



PP+#`I.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L
M('-A;G



C=P=#L@+7=E8FMI

M=&EN9R!L96%S97


M(&EN8VED96YT86P@=&\@;W=N97)S:&EP(&ES(&-L87-S:69I960@87
@82!C








'!X.R!T97AT
M+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!X

M=W


M:#H@

M






T0G=VAI






@;F5C97-S87)Y('1O('!R



M
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



C=P

T0G=VAI=&4M








2P@
C`Q-2P@




'!X.R!W:61O=W






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N



]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G







'!X.R!W:61O=W







M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q




PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@
M




!M:6QL:6]N(&%N
M99N8G-P.SQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/FYI;#PO9F]N=#X@9F]R('1H92!F

@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
34L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
M
3










'!X.R!T97AT
M+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



'!X




'!X.R!W:61O=W











M+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q






@;V8@82!C;VUP87)I






6QE/3-$)W=H

'!X.R!T97AT+71R
M86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M8V@@





2P@


@=V5R92!I;7!A:7)E9X@4V5E($YO=&4@,30L());7!A:7)M96YT


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@
3!P



'!X
M.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


M

'!X


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X-

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M






M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q




&5S(&%R92!A8V-O
M=6YT960@9F]R('5N9&5R('1H92!A<W-E=!A;F0@;&EA8FEL:71Y(&UE=&AO




M=!B92!R96%L:7IE9X@5&AE(&-O;7!O;F5N='



M:6


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@





'!X.R!W:61O
M=W






'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!X.R!W;W)D+7-P

Z(#$[(&UA

'!X.R!F





T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@







'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@1&]L;&%R(@B55,@1&]L;&%R(BDN/]P/@T*#0H\


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q




PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N
M=#H@



M8V]R9'










@87)E(')E

@





M

'!X

M;&EA8FEL:71I97


@87)E('1R86YS;&%T960@

@870@=&AE(')A=&5S(&]F(&5X




@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&%R92!C;VYV97)T960@

M;W-S97

M
#$U+`R,#$T(&%N9`R



'!T

'!X.R!F


PP*3L@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

3L@;&5T=&5R+7-P





'!X.R!F;VYT






'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z



M:6X[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




'!X.R!T97AT
M+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

Z(#$[


'!X


PP*3L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

3L@;&5T=&5R





N(%5N9&5R

@

@9&ER96-T;'D@

M=&AE(')E=F5N=64@:7



@

@=&\@82!L:6UI=&5D

@9G)O;2!W:&]M(&-O;&QE8W1A8FEL



M*#`L
PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@







'!X.R!W:61O=W




T0G



M=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

3L@







M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




@














T0P/@T*/'1R('-T

T0G=VED



]

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T($%R



PP
M*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@
M



M.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M=#H@






L


@


]
T1?;70^
M

]
T1?;70^

]

#$U+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
#$S



M;W1I;VX@97AP96YS97

C`Q


T0G=VAI


M9SH@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M








M;VYT.B`Q


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!X.R!W;W)D+7-P86-I



'!X.R!F;VYT




]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@
M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N
M=#H@



M


2P@
C`Q-2P@
M



M*#`L
PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@






'!X.R!T97AT+71R
M86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L
M('-A;G


'!X.R!L971T

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



\



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L








PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@









2P@
C`Q-2P@

3
@9FEG=7)E(&9R;VT@



M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M92UW:61T:#H@


M



3H@07)I86PL($AE

M=6)S:61I97


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@
M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N
M=#H@


2!R96-E


M:6-T960@87




@

]
T1?
M;70^


M87



M;G0@9W)A;G1S(')E;&%T960@=&\@87-S971S(&]F(#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$



@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
M
34L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


2P@



M9F]N=#H@




M8VEN9SH@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#
M86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

3L@;6%R


M9&5N=#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$



]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I
M8V$L('-A;G








N(%1H92!C;W-T(&]F('1H
2!C;W-T+CPO<#X\+V1I=CX-@T*/&1I=CX-


M
PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


M



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS
M9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A
M;G


'!X.R!L971T97(M

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




'!X
M.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M=W


M:#H@


PP
M*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


3L@



I(&%T=')I8G5T




M=&EO;B!T:&%T(&-O=6QD(&]C8W5R(&EF('-E8W5R:71I97
@;W(@;W1H97(@




@=VAE;B!T





M
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



C=P


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!X.R!W

Z


M






T0G=VAI






M(&YO;F4[(&-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M;CH@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@











3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV
M971I8V$L('-A;G


'!T

'!X.R`M


M(&YO;F4[(&-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M;CH@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





@




M

'!X

















M(&EN8VQU9&4@=&AE(&%M;W5N='




PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M


M8VEN9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N
M=#H@







M.B!R9V(H


PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N




T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@






'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@
M;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L









@86YD(&UI;FEM:7IE('1H








'!X.R!T97AT
M+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M;VYT.B`Q

M:#H@


PP
M*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


3L@


M;W)M86P[)SY

@

@;W1H97(@=&AA;B!Q






M.B`Q

M


PP*3L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


3L@;&5T


M86P[)SY


M;G!U='



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q








T0G=VED=&@Z







'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z(#$[(&QE









M)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@




6QE/3-$)W=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[

'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L
M;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M:7-S=65D(&$@;F5W('!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G0@=VAI8V@@86UE;F1S('1O(&-H


@:6X@=&AI






M:7









'!X.R!T97AT+71R
M86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


'!T($%R:6%L

'!X.R!F;VYT+7-T






M;B8C.#(Q


M;65N='




@
M=VET:&EN('1H92!S8V]P92!O9B!4;W!I8R`S-3`L($EN=&%N9VEB;&5S)B
X
M



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M:7


M=FEC97

@




M*#`L
PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@





M:61T:#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O



W!X.R!T

]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S








M9'1H.B`R

'!T(%-Y;6)O;#L@

M/E-T97`@














T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P





T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
M


M.B`Q

M(&9O;G0Z(#AP=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



'!X.R!F;VYT+7-T



Q.#



M.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!F;VYT.B`Q,W!X($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A
M;G


'!X.R!L971T97(M

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M.B`V

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$S





'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS
M9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@
M



@96YT:71Y




M
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



C=P

T0G=VAI=&4M






'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@







T0P/@T*/'1R('-T

T0G=VED





PP+#`I.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M,W!X($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

3L@


M+6EN9&5N=#H@


34V-W!X






W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R














T0G=VED=&@Z(#(V-W!X.R!T


M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q








Z(#$[


'!X

M(&-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

'!T

M+6EN9&5N=#H@











'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@


M9&5N=#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG



SL\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(S-W!X.R!T97AT

]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M87
@:6X@969F96-T(&)E9F]R92!T:&4@8VAA;F=E+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!X


M

M;G0Z(#AP=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G








Q.#









PP
M+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



'!X



@;V8@

M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@=7!O;B!A9&]P=&EO;BX\+W`^/]D:78^/]D


'!X.R!W:61O
M=W




PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P
M.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A




CX\



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#




\

'!X
M.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


M

'!X


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X-

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M


T0G;6%R
M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@







'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L



Q+`R,#$U(&%N9`R

M:60@;F]T(&AA=F4@86YY(&ET96US(')E8V]R9&5D(&%T(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@








M8V$L('-A;G



M:61T:#H@

M/3-$

T0G






'!T


'!T($%R




M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N

]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



2P@
C`Q-3H\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT





]

T0G9F]N=#H@





S@L
C4U*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M;&4]







T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q
6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R

T0G










M













M



M;&4]





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^






]

T0G9F]N=#H@




M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT













M.B`Q









'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^)FYB<W`[/]T

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^)FYB<W`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B9N8G-P





]

T0G9F]N=#H@


]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^)FYB<W`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^













RPV
#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ+#`T





'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



]
T1?;70^
XX/]F


Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE-&-D869B



]
T1R





#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R





PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@





'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
M
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G





M.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M:61T:#H@

C`Q

@=VAO;&QY(&]W;F5D('-U8G-I9&EA




@969F96-T:79E;'D@=')A;G-F97)R960@:71S





]
T1?;70^
34N
#PO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO




XQ/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N(&%N



]

]
T1?;70^
38N.3PO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!I
M;B!-87D@86YD($IU;'D@
C`Q-!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($%L;VYG('=I=&@@
M=&AE(&-O;7!L971I;VX@;V8@=&AE(')E+7)E9VES=')A=&EO;B!O9B!L86YD
M('5S92!R:6=H=!C97)T:69I8V%T97
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&-O;&QE8W1E





PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M9F]N=#H@



M:#H@

M(&YO;F4[(&-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M;CH@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

@





'!X.R!W:61O=W




M;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

'!T(#!P

M9&5N=#H@




M='

P@,C`Q-P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S

]
T1?;70^
2XP

]
T1?;70^.#$\+V9O



M8S$R9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V
#E?.64T8V1A9F)E83!F#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y

30N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M

]






]


T0G

&EN

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N

]

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



3!P=!#86QI8G)I
M+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

3L@;6%R9VEN+71O


M



PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


'!X.R!T97AT
M+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



Z(#$[




M(#$N

M*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@










M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M







M9'1H.B`Q

M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




T0G=F5R=&EC






'!T($%R







3(L

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B!R9V(H








M;3H@


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P






M9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X

M;VYT.B`Q

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@








'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z(#$[(&QE='1E



M(&-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

'!T

M+6EN9&5N=#H@


M
2P@
C`Q-2!A;F0@



PP
M+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV
M971I8V$L('-A;G



C=P=#L@






3





@06YD


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@






'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M



3H@07)I86PL($AE






M+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q











'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M97
@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8F5C875S92!T:&5Y(&%R92!A9F9I;&EA=&5S
M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY('5N9&5R('1H92!U;'1I;6%T92!C;VUM;VX@8V]N


M(&-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

'!T

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X
M.R!W:61O=W





M.R!F;VYT.B`Q





M=#H@




M;3H@





M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G







'!X.R!F

]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


L('9I=&%M:6X@86YD(&UI;F5R


M*#(Q
RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

]

T0G9F]N=#H@




]

T0G9F]N=#H@




@;F\@;&]N9V5R

T0G

T0G


M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q




M



M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q






M














M;VYT.B`Q

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R








]

T0G9F]N=#H@















M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G









C$S+#(S
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N
M=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M;&4]

M(&1E=F5L;W!M96YT(&%C=&EV:71I97


3
L
C



M:65R($9E960@4W1U9F8@0V\N+!,=&0N(@B06\@3F%I97(B*3PO9F]N=#X\


M8V$L('-A;G



M

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O
M;3H@

M.R!W:61O=W


M92UW:61T:#H@

M:6YG/3-$






3!P=!#86QI8G)I
M+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

3L@;6%R9VEN+71O


M





M;&4]

M:#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
C5I;CL@

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M

L(&EN8VQU9&EN


MCQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T

]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@







M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


S$L(#(P
34\+V(^

M;VYT.B`Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
M
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T

#L@=&5X=UA

T0G=VED=&@Z

M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G





M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


]

T0G9F]N=#H@




M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$






M('-A;G

CPO9F]N=#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O




L-S









M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$






M('-A;G



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O




M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF









T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

'!T($%R:6%L






'!T


]

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


M
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






T0G=VED=&@Z(#!I





M
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9#X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT







M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@




3
L
C








M.B`Q

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


T0G=VED=&@Z

M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G







M








M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N

M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ
S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG


M;W1T;VTZ(#$N

M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR
#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.B`Q




'!X.R!W:61O=W










M9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L
M+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M






T0G=VED=&@Z(#!I;CLG/B`\+W1D




M97

M97


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L








PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@
3!P



#$U(&%N


@4V5R

@:6YC;'5D





M=&\@06\@3F%I97(L(&%N9!P;W=D97)E9!F;W)M=6QA('!R;V1U8W1S('1O

@4V5R=FEC92X\+W`^#0H-


'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z(#$[





T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT

T0G


















'!T








3
L
C

3!P


'!T($%R:6%L






M-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R


T0G


M;G

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W
M:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M


T0G9F]N=#H@

M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


M=#H@


T0G=&5X








M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@








M:6YG($%O($YA:65R($9E960@4W1U9F8@0V\N+!,=&0N/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




T0G=&5X



T0G9F]N=#H@







M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M=#L@9F]N=#H@

=&0N/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@











M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@
3!P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N-7!T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

'!T($%R


T0G=F5R=&EC



M.B`Q



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




'!T($%R



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR+#

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@















M;&]R.B!R9V(H





'!X.R!W:61O=W



C`Q
M-2!A;F0@






MCQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@











M;W)M86P[)SX\8CXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






CX\9F]N

M971I8V$L('-A;G

M
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N


S5P



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
3
L
C




T0G



]

T0G9F]N=#H@





M:61T:#H@

]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@






]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@









M('-A;G

#PO9F]N=#X\





]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M



T0G



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N


M93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@







M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






M;&4]






#$S
M+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^(#PO9&EV/CQS








3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P




]


]



T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q















Q+`R,#$U/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*






]

T0G9F]N=#H@



M8B@R
3
L
C


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




T0G=VED=&@Z(#




M9'1H.B`Q

M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@






M;W)M86P[)SXV+#@R


T0G








M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@








3
L
C
T



M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXX,CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI



M971I8V$L('-A;G




CPO9F]N



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

M;G

C(L


3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV
M971I8V$L('-A;G


M*#`L


Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

]



T1T;W`^







T0G=VED=&@Z






M*#`L



Z(#$[




M(#$N

M*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@
















T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R

M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SY

M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M;&4]









M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$







M;W)M86P[)SY=6EL9&EN9W,@86YD(')E;F]V871I;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^











M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@









M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
3
L
C







]

T0G9F]N=#H@



M;&4]




M

M




3
L
C






'!T




M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M('-A;G


M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ.38L-3@R/]F;VYT/CPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N



M;CH\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






M

T0G=&5X

T0G=&5X



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B!R9V(H
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M





]

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G=F5R










T0G

T0G














]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M


T0G=&5X



2PX



RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@



M

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M.B`Q+C



M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@




M;&4]


M86P[)SY4;W1A;!A8V-U;75L871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT

M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@





M;&4]



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


#PO9F]N





M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L


M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T

M9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ-#4L.#,S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L







PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#L@9F]N=#H@





@82!P87)C96P@;V8@;&%N9!A8W%U:7)E9!F;W(@=&AE($-O;7!A



'!X.R!W:61O=W




M9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L
M+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M







M9SH@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M


]
T1?;70^
34N
3PO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@


@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
34L(#(P
30@86YD
M(#(P
3







86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='


3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@



]


]






M:61T:#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
C5I

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A
M;G

04Y$(%5312!224=(5%
L($Y%5#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^


M9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


PP
M+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV
M971I8V$L('-A;G



C=P=#L@




@9V]V97)N;65N







PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M


M8VEN9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@


'!X.R`M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M;VTZ(#$N

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0R/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SX\8CY-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q
M-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P

M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H


M



]

T0G9F]N=#H@




M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT


M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W
M:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T

]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

'!T


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






3
L
C
T+#(S



M;#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


M

'!X


PP*3L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

3L@;&5T=&5R



M7VUT/C(S.2PP


Q+`R,#$U+`R
#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R
M-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

]

]
T1T97AT

]

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUB;W1T




T0G=VED=&@Z(#!I;CLG/B`\






'!X.R!T97AT+71R
M86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

Z(#$[(&UA

'!X.R!F

M=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(&-O;'-P86X]


2P@

M;&4]


M;W)M86P[)SX\8CY-87)C:`S,2P@,C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@


C4T

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G







T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P.7!X







M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@




!D;W5B;&4[('1E





'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@
M;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L








PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





#`\+V9O;G0^



M=%]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


M

S$L(#(P




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M



M8VEN9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

2X\


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@






'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@
M;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M
PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


M


M;F4[(&-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


'!X


M9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$






M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M(#




M(&-O;'-P86X]


2P@

M;&4]


M




T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@

M('-A;G



M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;VYT.B`Q


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM







3

M


T0G9F]N=#H@


M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M;&4]



M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR-S8L
#8U/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L
M('-A;G

'!T


C(\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M;&4]

M.R!F;VYT.B`Q



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






M;3H@


M('-A;G




C$S+#(S






'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X




M




M:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@




PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N
M=#H@





PP+#`I
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I
M8V$L('-A;G



C=P=#L@+7=E




2=S('-H
M;W)T+71E<FT@9&5B=!C;VYS:7-T960@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9SH\+W`^


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L

M





MCQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N-7!T.R!F;VYT.B`Q




]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M8B@R
3
L
C







M971I8V$L('-A;G


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@




M9F]N=#H@

M86P[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q






T0G=&5X




M;W)M86P[)SXP/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




X/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q



3
L
C





T0G9F]N=#H@



M9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ,38L,S,S/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@


3!P


2XU


M



M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


2XU


M



M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q









T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L
M+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M




'!X.R!W:61O=W




]
T1?;70^2G5N92`R
#$U/]F;VYT/B!T;R`\9F]N=!C;&%S





'!X.R!T
M97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@
3!P






'!X.R!W:61O
M=W




PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@







M(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\






M





]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M8CY-87)C:`S,2P@,C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T

M;W(Z(')G8B@R
3
L
C











34T+#
Y

T0G=VED




M:#H@


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W
M:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M

M971I8V$L('-A;G


M.B`Q



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!!


T0G9F]N=#H@

M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@





M;VTZ(#$N-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q


M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@



M.R!F;VYT.B`Q




M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@




T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

#

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M;G



M




]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M.B`Q



^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SX\8CY-87)C:`S,2P@,C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T


3
L
C

M


T0G=VED


M

34T+#
Y
SPO=&0^#0H\



M

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M-3`L.#0S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q





M
T0G9F]N=#H@




M;G

M

M;VYT.B`Q


M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


M971I8V$L('-A;G







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X

M)SXR-3(L
#
X/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

'!T



'!X.R!W:61O=W






@;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L
M(#(P

@=VAI8V@@=V5R92!B
M;W)R;W=E9!I;B!-86EN;&%N9!#:&EN82P@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT



]
T1?;70^2G5N92`R


2XP

M1%]M=#XQ
2XY/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N*2!W:&EC:!W:6QL(&1U92!I;B9N
M8G-P.SQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/D9E8G)U87)Y(#(P
3@\+V9O;G0^(&ES


2P@
C`Q-2X\+W`^


'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z


T0G=VAI=&4M



@;V8@/&9O

]
T1?;70^36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P


T0G




M.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M=#H@


3D\+V9O;G0^('1O(#QF;VYT(&-L
M87-S/3-$7VUT/D9E8G)U87)Y(#(P


PP*3L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

3L@;&5T=&5R


M


2P@
C`Q

3(X.SQF
M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C4S+C`\+V9O;G0^(&UI;&QI;VX@*&5Q=6EV86QE
M;G0@=&\@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C4W+C4\+V9O;G0^(&UI;&QI;VXI






PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



'!X.R!W
M:61O=W






]
T1?;70^-XT/]F


M

'!X


PP*3L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

3L@;&5T=&5R


M)SY;W)R;W=I;F=S(&1E;F]M:6YA=&5D(&EN(%)-0BP@55-$(&%N9!%55(@

]
T1?;70^


M)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C8Q+C(\+V9O;G0^(&UI;&QI;VX@87
@;V8@
M36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
'0M


'!X.R!W:61O=W




M;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

'!T(#!P

M9&5N=#H@



PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@
3!P










Z


'!T($%R



M)SX\8CY996%R($5N9&EN9R!-87)C:`S,2P\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/]T



3
P
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T





35P

S`L-#(V/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@












'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^






M


2XU


M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P


M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H,C$S+#(S
M-PR






M=#LG/C(W-2PP-3




'!T($%R

'!X.R!F;VYT


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

3L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I



]
T1?;70^

SPO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO
M;BP@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C$U+C8\+V9O;G0^(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD


M;!A;F0@;FEL+!F;W(@9FES8V%L('EE87(@
C`Q-2P@

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R
M-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A


T0G




M/3-$



]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1T97AT/CQD



T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$



]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV
M971I8V$L('-A;G




T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@







M:#H@



M9&EN9STS1#`^#0H\='(^/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@






M



S$L(#(P


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G=F5R=&EC



M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P






M.B`Q

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SY087ER;VQL(&%N9!B;VYU
'0M86QI



]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

T0G

T0G

M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


T0G=&5X


\+V9O




'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W,],T1?;70@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!!





]

T0G9F]N=#H@









3
L
C
T





M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\

M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



#PO



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M('-A;G






M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C,3)F83,T95]E,35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y
M931C9&%F8F5A,&8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R
M9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V

O
M4VAE970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


M

S$L(#(P

M=&EO;G






'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@
M9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XR-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!T


M





'!X
M.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!T($%R




M/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M












3
L
C






]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M/C8R




M;#LG/C8R


T0G=F5R=&EC

M
3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T






M;G

C`Q.3PO9F]N=#X\




]

T0G9F]N=#H@


RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG

]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

C
\


'!T($%R:6%L

M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





\+V9O





S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

'!T


M;W1T;VTZ(#$N

M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ
2PP-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG

C$S
6QE







]

T0G9F]N=#H@





'!X.R!T97AT+71R


M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

S0I

M.B`Q+C

M



M;&4]


]

T0G9F]N=#H@




]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXW+#@Y



PP*3L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I
M8V$L('-A;G



C=P=#L@+7=E






M
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


]
T1?;70^

#PO9F]N=#X@86YD(0\9F]N=!C;&%S

BPP

34L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C4R-2PP

C`Q-2P@


T0G=VAI


6QE/3-$)W=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[('=O<F0M

'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L


Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE-&-D


]
M

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT






]








T0G=F5R=&EC



T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N







'!T



'!X.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

M97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97





]
T1?;70^
3`N-SPO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!W97)E('=R



]
T1?;70^-XW/]F





@9W)O=7`@=V%S(')E


'!X.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G




#$U



#PO9F]N=#XE(&%N9`\9F]N=!C



3!P


M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV
M971I8V$L(%-A;G


M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


@

M36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
M
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A
&8O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#



]
M










3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M



M8VEN9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N


]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



3!P
M=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

3L@


M+6EN9&5N=#H@



PP+#`I.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A
M;G



'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E



PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M


M8VEN9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M=#H@

M92!I;F-O;64@=&%X(&QA=W

M;GD@:7


'!T

'!X.R!F


PP*3L@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

3L@;&5T=&5R+7-P





'!X.R!T97AT+71R
M86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!W:61O
M=W




M97)L86YD)W


#`L






'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N
M93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





T0G=VAI


!A=9N8G-P.SQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C,S/]F;VYT/B`Q
M+S


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

3L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I



'!X.R!W
M:61O=W




M
PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


M




PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M9F]N=#H@


2=S



M(&YO;F4[(&-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M;CH@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@







'!X.R!W:61O=W




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L


M86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P





@;W(@


M;F4[(&-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@









M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!W:61O=W







M92!O9B!3=6)S:61I87)I97

'!T

M87)Y(#$L(#(P


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L
M+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


65A<BD\+V(^/]P/@T*#0H\<!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L




T0G=F5R=&EC





]

T0G9F]N=#H@





M;&4]

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M1%]M=#XQ


M8B@R
3
L
C



M)SXR-24\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M8V$L('-A;G





M;VYT.B`Q


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T



M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O


T0G=&5X











M






M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR-24\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M

'!X


PP*3L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

3L@;&5T=&5R




M

]
T1?;70^
3`\+V9O






@







'!X
M.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T(=4



M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!X.R!W

Z


M





'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@
M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N
M=#H@





M.B`Q

M

M=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^








3`^

]

T0G9F]N=#H@






M/CQB/C(P

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(&-O;'-P86X]







M:61T:#H@

]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M('-A;G



'!T





]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P




]

T0G9F]N=#H@



M

\+V9O





M86P[)SXU
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N






RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@


]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@





]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@








]

T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B`Q


]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
3
L
C







3$P





P+#(U
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\


U
6QE

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P

M

CPO9F]N=#X\

M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT



M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

'!T($%R:6%L

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@











'!T


]

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@








T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!T.R!W:&ET

'!T($-A





'!X.R!T97AT
M+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L







M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M


S$L



S5P=#L@=&5X

M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SX\8CXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






M/3-$



C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@


M;VTZ(#$N




3
L
C



T0G=VED



]

T0G9F]N=#H@






M;VYT.B`Q

M('-A;G

3`L





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M








T0G=&5X



L













M


S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W
]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@


M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^

]

T0G9F]N=#H@













3
L
C



T0G=&5X

T0G=&5X

M;VYT.B`Q






M





]

T0G9F]N=#H@



M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M)SXR+#
S





]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P




#0L
C

M





'!T






]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;VTZ(#$N



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@







M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N

M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR-#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG

C`T
6QE


M



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


3





]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B`Q

M




M:7)E;65N='

M;VQI9&%Y(&1E8W)E87-E9!I;F-O;64@=&%X97,@8GD@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S
M/3-$7VUT/C`N.#PO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;BP@;FEL(&%N9!N:6P@9F]R('1H

@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
34L(#(P
30@86YD
M(#(P
3


@;VX@8F%S:6
@86YD(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W
@*&QO


@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C`N
#$\+V9O

M87(@
C`Q-2P@




M)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@










M=&%X97





'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L

M





MCQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*

M;&4]


M86P[)SX\8CXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L



]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P





Q+`R,#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T














M;&4]




T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$R-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


M

M('-A;G



'!T

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q






]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M


T0G=VED







M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M




M971I8V$L('-A;G

RPX
M-C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T























M

#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T





3PO9F]N=#X\


2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


M;&4]

M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


3
L
C











Z('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@

M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C










T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X







M

M

M

M

M





3$[(&YO;B!C



'0M86QI9VXZ





M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
















M;G



M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ-#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-






M;VYT.B`Q

@=W)I=&4M9&]W




]

T0G9F]N=#H@







M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R
M9V(H
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R

M;&4]

M;&4]






M;G


M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T($%R



RPR
S0L
C

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@


























M971I8V$L('-A;G

M








]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

T0G



]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@



M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@







PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@
M



M




'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T

'!T

M+6EN9&5N=#H@


PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M


M8VEN9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




'!X
M.R!W:61O=W




'!X.R!T97AT
M+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q




M(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\

M=&]M.B`Q+C

M;G



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0R/CQF;VYT(&-L


2P@
C`Q-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F


M(#$N









T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$R-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


#0\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




]

T0G9F]N=#H@











'!T




M;&4]




M=&]M.B`Q+C






L

'!T


M.B`Q

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G=F5R




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L


]

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B



#0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@
M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M/E1H92!#;VUP86YY('5S97

@







'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O
M='1O;3H@


M.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M=&5N(&-O;G-E8W5T:79E('%U87)T97)S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EN9R!I;F-O;64@

@87)E(&1E9'5C=&EB;&4L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&)E





@:70@:7








PP+#`I
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I
M8V$L('-A;G



C=P=#L@+7=E





]
T1?;70^
RXP/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9!N:6P@:6X@9FES
M8V%L('EE87(@
C`Q-2!A;F0@


'!X.R!T97AT+71R
M86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!X.R!W

Z


M






M9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


PP
M+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV
M971I8V$L('-A;G



C=P=#L@



M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M92UW:61T:#H@


M(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO


M+C




M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!C;VQS


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P





M;VYT.B`Q




3
L
C



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P



T0G=VED=&@Z



]

T0G9F]N=#H@




M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M

M



M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@




M




M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$






M('-A;G

C@\+V9O;G0^



M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT











M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXT





]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@







'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O

]

T0G9F]N=#H@






]

T0G9F]N=#H@








M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO



M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
3
L
C





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W
]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@





M8V$L('-A;G

3





















M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
3
L
C



'0M:6YD96YT.B`Y<'0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S
M<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L
M('-A;G

\+V9O


M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



T0G

M



RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@




'!T($%R:6%L

'!T



T0G

T0G
















M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H,C$S+#(S
M-PR


M971I8V$L('-A;G

M97)R960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:70\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T



T0G

T0G





M;VYT.B`Q






]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@






3
L
C



M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


2XS-7!T.R!T97AT

M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S




M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


M=&]M.B`Q+C









M

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@


3
L
C
T+#(S



M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T



]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M('-A;G



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
6QE/3-$
M)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C=P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G








'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS
M9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


'!X.R!W:61O=W


M8VEN9SH@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L

'!X.R!W:61O
M=W


T0G=VAI

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E



M



3H@07)I86PL($AE




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N
M93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M9F]N=#H@


2!M




@:6X@=&AE(&-O;G-O
F5S
M('1H92!L:6%B:6QI='D@9F]R('5N<F5C;V=N:7IE9!T87@@8F5N969I='
L
'!E;G-E(&QI;F4@:6X@=&AE(&%C8V]M

N
M(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&)E;&EE=F5S('1H870@:70@:7


]
T1?;70^;F]N93PO9F]N


M(&]F(&-A;&5N9&%R('EE87(@

M;&4]




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@
M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X
M.R!W:61O=W






T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT



M;W1T;VTZ(#$N











M;VYT.B`Q



M
3
L
C




M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@





M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M;VYT.B`Q

M






M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0G=&5X

T0G=&5X

M;VYT.B`Q









M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




3
L
C




M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P
M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\





]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@


#8\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P
M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

M;G


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L






M='1O;3H@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

'!T

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M92UW:61T:#H@



M*#`L
PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@






\+V9O;G0^





M/3-$7VUT/C`N
CPO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!T:&4@9FES8V%L('EE87(@
M
C`Q


M+BP@3'1D+B!4:&4@8F%L86YC92!O9B!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F





'!X.R!W:61O=W




M;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

'!T(#!P

M9&5N=#H@

M;V8@;&EM:71A=&EO;G
@:7




#`\+V9O;G0^(&ES('-P96-I9FEC




@87)E('1H

C`Q
M


N(%1H92!S=&%T=71E(&]F(&QI

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

Q
F9A
S1E







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@

]



T1T;W`^/'-T



T1T;W`^16%R;FEN
M9W


M;VYT.B`Q






38N






M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q







'!X.R!W:61O=W




3L@;&5T=&5R+7-P










M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M8V$L('-A;G

C`Q
M-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L




M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M



C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P




T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXV.2PU,S,\+V9O;G0^/]T





]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@



M;#LG/C



'!T($%R

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




]

T0G9F]N=#H@




M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



X
C$Q.R!B87-I8R!A;F0@9&EL




]

T0G9F]N=#H@


P





]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M16%R;FEN9W







]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@







]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@






]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M86P[)SXH
2XQ




PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@







PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@



'!X.R!F;VYT


@

M

M;B!W:71H('1H92!20E

#`X+B!4:&4@


M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

C5C7V$V
#E?.64T8V1A9F)E83!F#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A

C8N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$


]

M86QI9VX]



]

M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

















T0G=VED=&@Z(#!I;CLG/B`\+W1D








'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!F;VYT+7-T


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@










]






M
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



C=P






T0G=VED=&@Z





M


'!T($%R:6%L

'!X.R!F;VYT+7-T

Q+`R,#$U+!T:&4@0V]M

@;V8@)#QF
M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C@R+C@\+V9O;G0^(&UI;&QI;VX@87)E(&UA:6YL


M
'!X.R!W:61O=W








T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#`N


]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I
M8V$L('-A;G

M='


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L








PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@
3!P



M9R!L96%S97
@;6%I;FQY(&EN8VQU9&5D(&QE87-E(&]F('1W;R!L86YD('5S
M92!R:6=H='





M


M(#AP=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M





I






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T


M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR


M;#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



M;&4]

M;&4]





3
L
C


M9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR,#$X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@




M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



'0M







]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@








C`R




]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/]T


C$@86YD('1H
M97)E869T97(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


3
L
M
C


M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`S





'!X.R!W
M:61O=W




PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

C`Q












3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@

]




M:61T:#H@





M8VAI968@97AE8W5T:79E(&]F9FEC97(L('=H;R!R979I97=S(&-O;G-O;&ED



@


M:&4@4&]W9&5R960@1F]R;75L82!A;F0@1F]O9'

@87
@82!S






N

T0G=&5X




M8V@@87

M;G




'!X.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
C=P=#LG/CQI/D]T:&5R(&)U

@;V8@97AC97-S

L('!R;W9I9&EN9R!G96YE=&EC(&1I86=N;W-T
M:6





'!X.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

M;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@




M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@

M:6YG/3-$

M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M8V$L(%-A;G

M4V5R:68[)SX\8CXH
M26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M(&-O;'-P86X]


34\

M4V5R
M:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T

'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX\8CXR,#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M


]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;W(Z(')G8B@R
3
L
C

M;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@



MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





M=&4[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B

M;&4]

M8V$L(%-A;G


M


M;VYT.B`Q


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M

M4V5R:68[)SXS
30L-#4Y
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M


T0G=&5X


M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


3@L-3$V/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R
M:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


C$L.3@W/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[
M)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV
M971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@


M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X

T0G


M4V5R:68[)SXD

M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@


M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

M4V5R
M:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

'!T($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^(#PO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D





M4V5R:68[('1E





M









T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!!

M;&4]

M(%-A;G



M
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q

34L-S4R/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R
M:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T

3`L-C@X/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[
M)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!!

3(\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M;&4]

M8V$L(%-A;G


2XU


M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L
M+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@


M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@


M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H

M=#L@9F]N=#H@



M8V$L(%-A;G



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q













M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H


T0G9F]N=#H@




'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M
M4V5R:68[)SXQ-34L-CDT/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R
M:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


S@W/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q





M;&4]

T0G=&5X

M
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L
M+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I
M8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@

M4V5R
M:68[)SXI/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L
M(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@

M4V5R:68[



M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


M(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T



M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M4V5R:68[)SX@
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M+C5P=#L@9F]N=#H@


#$X/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N
M=#H@


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

3@Y

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


M


M4V5R:68[
M)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`S



M
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

'!T
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T




T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$






M
M4V5R:68[)SX\8CY-87)C:`S,2P@,C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@




CX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L





M4V5R:68[)SXM($YU
M=')I=&EO;F%L(&9O;V0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


M;G




T0G=VED

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

T0G=VED

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T

]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




X+#@W.#PO






T0G=F5R

'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


'!T($%R


]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W
]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H

M.B`Q



M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P




RPP

M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S




T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

M

T0G=F5R

M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




]

T0G9F]N=#H@


]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


]

T0G9F]N=#H@



]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P




'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI



M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@










M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R


M;&4]

M
30L
#










M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B`\

M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M97)I9CLG/C$L



M




T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C


M



M4V5R:68[



M
'!X.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M87


M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P
4[(&9O;G0Z(#AP=!#86QI

MCQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X\+W1R



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS






M8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SX\8CXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

M;'-P86X]


3
\+V(^













]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@





C8P+#(Q




]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF


Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D













T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

M

S0\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M;&4]

M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T

M9CLG/C(V-2PW-S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@





'!T($%R







T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([


M4V5R:68[)SX\8CY-87)C


]

T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T($%R:6%L
M+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT




'!T($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




30X


M


M86P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S
M<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L
M(%-A;G





34L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
M
3


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F
M7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]







T0G=VED=&@Z(#!I


M9CLG/CQB/D%#0U5-54Q!5$5$($]42$52($-/35!214A%3E-)5D4@24Y#3TU%

M9V(H




'!X
M.R!W:61O=W




@;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
34@86YD(#(P
30@

M='



]
T1?;70^=&AR964\+V9O;G0^('-U8G-I9&EA


M8WD@=')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='

N
2!M:6QL



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A
&8O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]



3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@


]


]
M

]

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUB;W1T;VTZ




T0G=VED=&@Z(#!I;CLG/B`\+W1D



M24Y
04Y$($-(24Y!($-/3E1224)55$E/3B!03$%.($%.1!215-44DE#5$5$
M($Y%5!!4U-%5%



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N
M93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





M;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!F;VYT.B`Q















@=&\@=&AE(%!20R!G


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@
M



M
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I
M+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

3L@;6%R9VEN+71O


M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A
M;G





3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M



M8VEN9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M=#H@


@;V8@/&9O;G0@

]
T1?;70^


M9'
@87


M=&EO;G
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W

M(&%F9FEL:6%T97



L(&QO86YS(&]R



M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V
#E?

O4VAE970S

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@

]




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N
M93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XR-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M:61O=W


M:61T:#H@



M
PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


M




'!X.R!T97AT
M+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



34V-W!X.R!W


M='(^/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

M





2XS







M=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SX\8CXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S(&5X8V5P=!P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

T0R



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0R/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@









'!T($%R:6%L



M;3H@


]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@



2XS-7!T.R!T97AT

M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N

]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0R/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O






]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@






'!T

M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


3`R+#0V-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D




M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




3$U+#
S



'!T($%R

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


3$P+#$W
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*





M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M.#(L




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T


M=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXX.PU-38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




]

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=VED



]

T0G9F]N=#H@




M.B`Q





M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





M8V$L('-A;G

L.3`P





'!T($%R:6%L








T0G

T0G






M














S@L
C


C$S
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\
M9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M;#LG/C$W+#DT





]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W
]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@






'!T($%R:6%L






]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@





M



















M

T0G

T0G

M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G







M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





M8V$L('-A;G

S`Q





'!T($%R:6%L


M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H,C$S
M+#(S-PR


X
M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O


3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
6QE/3-$
M)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C=P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


!D;W5B;&4[('1E



M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I
M;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C=P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O








M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.B`Q



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@








T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

'!T


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@







T0G=VAI=&4M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M
PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


M




M+R\O0SHO8S$R9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V
#E?.64T8V1A9F)E83!F+U=O

O4VAE970S
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P





M=6QE($D@+2!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YF;W)M871I;VX@3V8@4&%R96YT($-O;7!A




3L@;&5T


M;#LG/CQB/E-93E544D$@24Y415).051)3TY!3P@24Y#+CPO8CX@/]P/@T*




'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z


M24%
'0M


3L@;&5T=&5R






'!X
M.R!W:61O=W



M






3L@;&5T



M=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^

M8F]T=&]M.B`Q+C









S$L(#(P

M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@




M8B@R
3
L
C









M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q






M+6)O='1O;3H@


M8FQA8VL@

M8V$L('-A;G


M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@





35P



M;#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@





M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q








M







M('-A;G










'0M



]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


#

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N

M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ-S


M.B`Q



M

M;&4]




]

T0G9F]N=#H@


3
L

M;&4]




]

T0G9F]N=#H@














M

M

M

M

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B!R9V(H
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M









M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X

M;VYT.B`Q


M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H,C$S
M+#(S-PR


M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G






'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W
]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@












M971I8V$L('-A;G

RPX



S5P=#L@=&5X


\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS





M



M=&]M.B`Q+C

M;G

M:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M.B`Q+C



M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@



RPY-C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H

T0G=&5X


M;&4]

M;&4]

M;&4]

M;&4]














T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



#`P
2!P
M87(@=F%L=64Z(#(U

M

M

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W
]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@



3
L
C


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W,],T1?;70@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!!<FEA

M;#LG/C$S-2PT-#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L





M



M9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH,S4L,#0V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\




M('-A;G



S5P=#L@=&5X



M.B`Q

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M8F]T=&]M.B`Q+C













2PY
C8\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P
M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



2PS.38\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H




M;&4]




]

T0G9F]N=#H@


3
L

M;&4]




]

T0G9F]N=#H@




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L

'!X.R!W
M:61O=W



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS
M9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



T0G=VAI=&4M



M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



'!X


($E.1D]234%424].($]&(%!!4D5.

M9F]N=#H@



M:#H@

@





'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L







T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9#X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT

M;&4]


'!T


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

M

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M




M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N

M8CXR





T0G



T0R/B9N





C$S



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

S5P



M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N

M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





@9G)O








M9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXY-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S




#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

S@L

]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@






'!T($%R:6%L







\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L






'!T



T0G=&5X

T0G=&5X

M;VYT.B`Q





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W
]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@






]

T0G9F]N=#H@




M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G







'!T($%R









T0G

S@L
C4U*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

]

T0G9F]N=#H@








M.B`Q



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M=&EO;B!O9B!S=6)S:61I87)I97



M;&4]

M;&4]

M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W
]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@









M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM







]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@

S


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




M9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X

M;VYT.B`Q




M

S@L
C4U*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L













M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


P





]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


P
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

S@L
C4U*3LG/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@










T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

'!T($%R





T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

'!T($%R:6%L

6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C=P=#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M*#$N
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


]

T0G9F]N=#H@




3L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I




M.B!R9V(H



PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT.B`Q







'!X.R!W:61O=W


M8VEN9SH@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@.'!T($-A


'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



'!T($%R:6%L





T0S/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SX\8CXR,#$U/]B/CPO9F]N

M9F]N=#H@


T0S/CQF;VYT


M=&]M.B`Q+C5P=#L@9F]N=#H@

M86X]


M;&4]

M971I8V$L('-A;G




M







M


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q




M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M






3
L
C




M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@

M86P[)SXI/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@


M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


'!T






M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N-7!T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

'!T


M8F]T=&]M.B`Q+C5P=#L@9F]N=#H@


M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@



M;3H@


M('-A;G




M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H

M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N-7!T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

'!T($%R

M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@


M8V$L('-A;G

M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P



M=&]M.B`Q+C5P=#L@9F]N=#H@


M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@



M=#L@9F]N=#H@




M




M:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@

M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@




M.B`Q


R+#8S

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




'!T($%R




M9F]N=#H@


M9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^









'!X.R!W:61O=W




M
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

'!T(#!P

M9&5N=#H@


M9V(H

M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SX\8CY&24Y!3D-)04P@24Y&3U)-051)3TX@3T8@

T0G=VAI=&4M




M;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M14Y44R!/1B!#05-(($9



3L@;6%R9VEN+71O


M


@:6X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\




M


M




M.B`Q






^

]

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT




C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0S/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


T0S/B9N



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXD/]T

T0G


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C
P+#DR.3PO





L.#@X/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#LG/D%D:G5S=&UE;G1S('1O(')E8V]N8VEL92!N970@:6YC;VUE
M('1O(&YE=!C87-H('!R;W9I9&5D(&)Y(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S








'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SY%<75I='D@

\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B9N


M-S$L







M:61I87)I97

T0G




#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

S@L
C4U*3LG/CQT











T0G




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H




M;2!S=6)S:61I87)I97

M;&4]


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^*#0V/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^*3PO=&0^#0H\




#0L
C
X+#(U-2D[






M


T0G


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S<#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P












M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$L-3(U/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT







T0G=&5X






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T










T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



#(Q/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T







'0M86QI9VXZ



'0M86QI








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

S@L
C4U

M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^,#PO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^



6UE;G0@9G)O;2!S=6)S:61I87)I
M97,\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA




M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T






M97







M


M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

S@L
C4U*3LG
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

6QE



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG
M/C(L
#0V/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T




M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[


M(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(L
#0V/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


7!T








M







'0M

T0G

S@L
C4U*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

M;2!L;V%N/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@










M;3H@



M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

S@L
C4U*3LG

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S<#L\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG




M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@




M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H



M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C0L
#4V/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
!D;W5B;&4[

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
!D;W5B;&4[('1E




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


'0M


'!X.R!W:61O=W












]

T0G9F]N=#H@




30X-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L



M:7)E;65N='
@;V8@4G5L92`Q
BTP-AA*2!A;F0@-2TP-AC*2!O9B!296=U
M;&%T:6]N(%

M97)A=&EO;G


@9F]R('=H:6-H(&%U9&ET


@87


M
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





@:6X@:71S('-U








M.R!W:61O=W



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E







M.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!F;VYT.B`Q,W!X($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A
M;G


'!X.R!L971T97(M

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E







6QE/3-$


]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M965M86)L92!S=&]C:W




;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C
M9&%F8F5A




]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]






]





PP*3L@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT.B`Q

N/]B/B`\+W`^#0H-CQP

M
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




3L@;&5T=&5R+7-P




M9F]N=#H@




'!X.R!W:61O=W


M9SH@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@.'!T($-A;&EB


'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T($%R

M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
6QE/3-$





T0G


T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L
M('-A;G






M;VYT.B`Q


M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#LG(&-O
M;'-P86X]





T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A
M;G

6QE



M)SY!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4L(&EN8VQU9&EN



T0R






M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

M;&4]


M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T

M





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H













M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G






]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@







M9'1H.B`Q

M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


C$S+#(S
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N
M=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q








3$L

T0G=&5X


T0G







M971I8V$L('-A;G

L
M






T0G=&5X

M;VYT.B`Q













M.B`Q

M

M

M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


BPV-S$\


]

T0G9F]N=#H@







M;W(Z(')G8B@R
3
L
C










'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^










T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXM(#(P,34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-














M

M;VYT.B`Q




M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





M8V$L('-A;G

BPV.#(\




]

T0G9F]N=#H@




]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH,S4W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@





M971I8V$L('-A;G

BPR
M-#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T






M8V$L('-A;G

BPQ-C0\




]

T0G9F]N=#H@






]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH-#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


RPR
S0L
C

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G

T0G





M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M+2`R






M

T0G

T0G

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M;G




M971I8V$L('-A;G



]

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T

M;VYT.B`Q



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q

M;&4]

M;&4]

M








'!T($%R

M.B`Q



M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M;G



]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M

3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@


RPU.#D\+V9O




]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M)SXT-BPW
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH
RPS

]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@





M92UW:61T:#H@


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C
M7V$V

O4VAE970S
RYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1R



M9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%S:7




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L







M;VYT.B`Q




'!T($%R:6%L

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@




M;VYT.B`Q

M:#H@

M960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%V92!B





T1T;W`^0F%S:7
@3V8@






M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`P:6X[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M










@9W5I9&%N8V4@;VX@=&AE

L('=H:6-H(')E















'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@
M;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z(#$[(&QE






T1T;W`^






T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
M

]
M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L
M('-A;G




'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z(#$[






M='





M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/B`\9&EV/@T*#0H\=&%B;&4@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@











]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I
M8V$L('-A;G

T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@




6QE/3-$)W=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[

'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L
M;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





]
'0M86QI


'!X.R!W:61O=W





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N


]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@
M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N
M=#H@











PP*3L@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

3L@;&5T=&5R+7-P




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@
M9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XR-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




T0G=VAI=&4M





M9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S(&ES(&UA9&4@=VAE;B!C;VQL96-T:6]N(&]F('1H92!F




T1T
M;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@
M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@















M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q




M:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@8F%S:7









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N








'!X.R!W:61O=W




@97AP
M96YS960@87



'!X.R!T97AT
M+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


'!T($%R

'!X.R!F;VYT




'!X
M.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M

'!X



@;W(L('=H96X@87!P



M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q




M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O


M8V$L('-A;G


M;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H,C$S+#(S-PR
M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C
M;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I
M8V$L('-A;G

M(&5Q=6EP;65N=!A;F0@9G5R;FES:&EN9W,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

T0G=VED



M;VYT.B`Q


RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




3-P





T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@





M)W=I9'1H.B`P:6X[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;W)M86P[)SX\8CY
96%S97



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!F;VYT+7-T


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@



96%S97
@
M87)E(&-L87-S:69I960@87







]


PP
M*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


3L@




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M



M8VEN9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G







M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q





'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0Z(#$P

M
'!X.R!W:61O=W




PP+#`I.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A
M;G




@8V%P:71A;&EZ
M960@87

M;7!A;GD@8V%P:71A;&EZ97



#$U+`R,#$T(&%N9`R


]
T1?;70^
2XX/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N+!N:6P@86YD


@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


M.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M:61T:#H@



'!T








3!P=!#86QI8G)I
M+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

3L@;6%R9VEN+71O


M



PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@










M



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L
M;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



Q+`R,#$U+`R
#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!R
M97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%-E92!.;W1E(#$T+`B26UP86ER;65N=!O9B!L;VYG


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!/9B!);F1E9FEN:71E($QI=F5D($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@
M07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/B`\


'!T($%R:6%L

'!X.R!F;VYT+7-T


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@



M92UW:61T:#H@



'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z(#$[


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M9F]N=#H@



M:#H@


'!T($-A











'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z(#$[(&QE



&ES=X@

@:7
@







PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#L@9F]N=#H@




M
2X@26X@9FES8V%L('EE87(@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P

N($EN(&9I

#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+9N8G-P











M:61T:#H@




M*3L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



C=P


@87)E(&1E=&5R;6EN960@8F%S960@








N


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%R92!I;F1I=FED



M



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L
M;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L













M)W=I9'1H.B`P:6X[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L








PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@





'!X.R!T97AT+71R
M86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


'!T($%R:6%L

'!X.R!F;VYT+7-T


@87)E(&UA:6YT86EN960@:6X@

M87)I97
@87)E(&UA:6YT86EN960@:6X@175R;R`H(D554B(I+!W:&EC:!A

@



@8W5M



M
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,W!X($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



'!X



'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z











T1T;W`^4F5V






'!X
M.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T(=4



M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M8VEN9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
XU:6X[(UW96)K:70M=&5X


M9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L
M+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M





M;&4]

M:#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
C5I;CL@

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M




'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z(#$[(&QE














L('1H92!R979E;G5E(')E8V]G;FET





M=&AE(')E=F5N=64@:7





'!X.R!W
M:61O=W




PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

@86YD




@9&ES8V]U;G1S(&]R(')E8F%T97
@=&\@8W5S



'!X.R!W:61O=W






T0P/@T*

M



]

T0G9F]N=#H@

M







M)W=I9'1H.B`Q




]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P













'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@
M;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B



PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@
3!P



'!X.R!F

@82!C=7-T




@86UO=6YT960@=&\@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$
M7VUT/C$N
#PO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C$N
M.3PO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C8N-CPO

M
C`Q




M96YT(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
34L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3







'!T

T0G=VAI




M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



'!X.R!T97AT+71R
M86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


'!X.R!W:61O=W



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!T97AT+71R
M86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L
M('-A;G


'!X.R!L971T

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G





M*3L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



'!X




@=V5R

]
T1?;70^-2XP/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N+`D/&9O

]


Q+`R,#$U+`R
#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!R


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@
M;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!X.R!W;W)D+7-P86-I



'!X.R!F;VYT



T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@





6QE/3-$)W=H:71E

'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS
M9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


]
T1?;70^
RXW/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N+`D/&9O

]
T1?;70^
RXR/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D/&9O;G0@

]
T1?;70^










M:#H@



M



'!X.R!W
M:61O=W



@=6YR97-T

@=&\@8V]N=&EN=64@=&\@=71I;&EZ

@87
@9V]V97)N;65N=!S=6)S:61I
M97,@:6X@=&AE(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO
M;G

M
#$U+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

M-CPO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C`N.3PO9F]N
M=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C0N
CPO9F]N=#X@


@9&5F97)R960@9V]V97)N

M8F%S:7



]
T1?;70^

#$U+`R,#$T(&%N
M9`R


@82!D961U8W1I;VX@;V8@861V


M



PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S






'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
M
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G









N(%1H92!C;W-T






M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q




M.B`Q



3H@07)I86PL



PP*3L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!#86QI8G)I


M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M92UW:61T:#H@



M+B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.T1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W




@=&\@:7-S

@=&AE(&5X97)C


@=V]U




I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I
M+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

3L@;6%R9VEN+71O


M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A
M;G




3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L
M('-A;G


'!T.R!L971T

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


M(&-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

'!T

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

@:6X@




]



PP*3L@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

3L@;&5T=&5R+7-P




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@
M9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XR-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M








@






M*#`L
PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@






'!X.R!T97AT+71R
M86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L
M('-A;G


'!X.R!L971T

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O
M;3H@


M;VYT.B`Q




M9SH@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M












M9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L
M+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@
M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X
M.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


M

'!X


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X-

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M











PP+#`I
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I
M8V$L('-A;G



C=P=#L@+7=E








'!X.R!W
M:61O=W




PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

@9F]R(&ED





M;W(@;W1H97(@;65A;G


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L


M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M92UW:61T:#H@

@




T1T;W`^1FEN86YC:6%L($EN


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!X

M=W


M:#H@

M






T0G=VAI=&4M







]

]

]
T1-

]
#L@=V]R9US<&%C

'!T($-A









M
















@9&ES8VQO

M=&EO;B!T:&%T(&1O97




2P@
C`Q


PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@






'!X.R!W:61O=W



M(#(P

M:6-H(&%F9F5C='


M='



M='

X



M;V8@5&]P:6
@


F(S@R
3([1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($]T:&5R




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@:6X@

@=&AE(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@=&\@




M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M92UW:61T:#H@



M.B`R

'!T(%-Y;6)O;#L@9F]N
M=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$X,SL\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

M97`@
3H@261E;G1I9GD@=&AE(&-O;G1R86-T*'
I('=I=&@@82!C=7-T;VUE



M






M/B8C

S`P

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


PP+#`I
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q,W!X($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M:#H@




M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


W!X.R!T97AT

]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S


M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SY3=&5P(#
Z($1E=&5R;6EN92!T:&4@=')A;G-A


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@
M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X


M9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$X
SL\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
3
P

]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@





M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R

'!T(%-Y
M;6)O;#L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$X,SL\+V9O;G0^/]T



I





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M:7


@96YT:71I97



'!X.R!W:61O=W



M
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



C=P


M.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M:61T:#H@



M
PP*3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


M






'!X.R!W
M:61O=W




M;G



M


M)B
Q.#





'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L
M;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!T


M;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

#L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$X
SL\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@




@:6X@


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
M


M.B`Q

M(&9O;G0Z(#AP=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



'!X.R!F;VYT+7-T



Q.#



M;6%N8V4@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G


M;&]R.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!F;VYT.B`Q,W!X($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L
M('-A;G


'!X.R!L971T

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET



'!X.R!W:61O=W
Z(#$[(&QE='1E


@05-5(')E8V]G;FEZ960@



PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@








T0G=VED=&@Z(#(V









'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L
M;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!T


M;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

#L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$X
SL\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O
M='1O;3H@


M.R!F;VYT.B`Q


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R
M;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R
M-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A




T1T97AT

M:7

]

]








M=F5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/B`\=&%B






M.B!N;W)M86P[)SY=6EL9&EN9W,@86YD(')E;F]V871I;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#0W
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




\+V9O;G0^

M.B`Q



]
M
T1?;70^






M;VYT.B`Q

M+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`Y-W!X.R!T

]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#0W
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


M;CH@=&]P.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS
M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q






M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C,3)F83,T95]E,35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y
M931C9&%F8F5A,&8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R
M9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V

O
M4VAE970S-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#





M='


'!X


M9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SX\8CY1=6]T960@4')I8V5S(&EN($%C=&EV92!-87)K

M*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



'!T($%R




M9'1H.B`U



M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
M

M;&4]

M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M:#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



M;&4]









'0M86QI9VXZ





M9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXW,#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S




M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$

















'0M86QI9VXZ





'!T($%R
















M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H



























'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^)FYB


















M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W
]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^)FYB







]

T0G9F]N=#H@









]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M;&4]



Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE-&-D869B96$P9@T*



]

M:60]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@


S$L(#(P







M8VEN9SH@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@.'!T($-A


'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SX\8CY-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q-#PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M:#H@


M

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^

]

T0G9F]N=#H@



T


M



M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






'!T($%R:6%L


M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@







;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A
M




]



@06YD(%)E;&%T

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@





\



M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P




M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([




S$L(#(P

'!T


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M;&4]





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
'!X.R!T97AT








M)W=I9'1H.B`Q





]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@



M;&4]

M;&4]

M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R



L-S





M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



'0M





M;&4]

M;&4]

M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R


2XS-7!T.R!T97AT

M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S








T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@



M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C






]

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/]T




M(&9O;G0Z(#AP=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



'!X.R!F;VYT+7-T





T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M=&]M.B`Q+C




M('-A;G

M
S$L(#(P

RPR
S0L
C
T
M*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(U-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@



M






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P













C$S+#(S


M86P@0V]M;75N:6-A=&EO;B!#;RXL($QT9X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@








T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O


M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

!D;W5B




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U
M;&4@3V8@4V%L97,@5&\@4F5L871E9!087)T:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0G=VED=&@Z

M.R!W:61O=W



M9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T

T0G

M971I8V$L('-A;G


M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R

Q+#PO

M9F]N=#H@

M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



SX\9F]N

M971I8V$L('-A;G

M
C`Q-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@






C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


C`Q

M

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L
M+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G







M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXY/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M




M971I8V$L('-A;G


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@




M9F]N=#H@

M86P[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M=#H@







M;&4]

M+#8U



T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


M;&4]



M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR+#0W

T0G=&5X



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H

=&0N/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


M9F]N=#H@




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!!








M;G

CDS/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L







M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU



M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@
M

M('-A;G






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


RPR
M
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






M.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@




M


M9F]N=#H@

M971I8V$L('-A;G



'!T($%R:6%L


3!P





'!X


M9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!B;W)D97(],T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT
M9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M86X]
T0Q








'!T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0R/CQF;VYT(&-L



M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@









M971I8V$L('-A;G



M.B`Q






M.B`Q

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


T0G=VED=&@Z

M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G










M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$






M('-A;G

#PO9F]N=#X\





]

T0G9F]N=#H@










M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@





M+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@






M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@







M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G







PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M


M8VEN9SH@;F]R;6%L.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M.B!R9V(H
PP+#`I.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M=#H@



M-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V

O4VAE







]
T1T



T1T;W`^





]
T1T






T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M=&]M.B`Q+C




M('-A;G

M
S$L(#(P

RPR
S0L
C
T
M*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(R
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@




G!X.R!T97AT

]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P.7!X.R!T







\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$




M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H





T0G

T0G








M

M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X

M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G








]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@

BPP



M9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V
#E?.64T8V1A9F)E83!F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE





^+RH@1&\@


$5-



#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U

M:61O=W


MCQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N

M=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P


]

T0G9F]N=#H@



MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI

M(#












T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R
C-P



M

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@





M:#H@





M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT


M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


T0G=&5X

M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SY=6EL9&EN9W,@86YD(')E;F]V871I;VYS/]F











M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W


]

T0G9F]N=#H@













3
L
C


M9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SY/9F9I8V4@97%U:7!M96YT(&%N9!F




]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R








M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


3
L
C





M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X

M;VYT.B`Q




2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



Z($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&1E







'0M

T0G



T0G

T0G


M;&4]

M;&4]

M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q





]

T0G9F]N=#H@



M;&4]



T0G

M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G







M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G







]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/]T


M;&4]

M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


2PX



RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@












M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SY4;W1A;!A8V-U;75L871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@










\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M+#4R





M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/]T


Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE-&-D869B



]
T1R


3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P



]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^(#QT86)L92!S='EL


M('-A;G



M:#H@

M





M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






M/3-$



S$L(#(P


RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(U-'!X

]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF





M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




M;VYT.B`Q

M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P

M

2PT


M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O





M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G





M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V
#E?.64T8V1A

O4VAE970T
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]




]


]
M



M







M='1O;3H@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@




3
L
C
T+#(S




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q










T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

'!T










;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A
&8O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H




M8VAE9'5L92!/9B!$96)T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M

'!X



'!X.R!W:61O=W







T0P/@T*/'1R
M/CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@

M=#L@9F]N=#H@

M*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


M/3-$



S$L(#(P



M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;VYT.B`Q


M;VYT.B`Q





M9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@


M=#H@


M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


'!T





M9F]N=#H@



M9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SY4;W1A;!D96)T+!C=7)R96YT
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I
M8V$L('-A;G

M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M







M971I8V$L('-A;G

C`W
M+#0R



M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W
M:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0G




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M





M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@
M

S


M.R!F;VYT.B`Q


M;W(Z(')G8B@R
3
L
C



M.B`R+C5P=#L@9F]N=#H@





M

'0M







M=6QE(&]F(%-H;W0M5&5R;2!$96)T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



Z



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


M.B`Q



M.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G
M

^/&9O

]

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



3
L
C

M9F]N=#H@



M;&4]




T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@

M;G





M.B`Q

M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G






T0G=&5X

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L



M.R!F;VYT.B`Q


X
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M


M
3
L
C

M9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N
M=#H@






M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


M9F]N=#H@



M.B!N;W)M86P[)SY3:&]R=UT97)M(&-R961I=!D96)T/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



















M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X

M)SXQ-#4L-C
Y/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

'!T



M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!!


]
T1R





T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!!






T0S/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SX\8CY-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q
M-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


M/3-$



S$L(#(P



M9'1H.B`Q





M8V$L('-A;G


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@9F]N=#H@


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T


M


M('-A;G

34P+#@T
SPO








T0G9F]N=#H@

M=#L@9F]N=#H@





'!T($%R

M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@






M.B`Q


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q




M.B`Q


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C



M.B`R+C5P=#L@9F]N=#H@





M

'0M







M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q


]
M


M8VEN9SH@

M86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@






M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G







M=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SX\8CY996%R($5N9&EN9R!-87)C:`S
2P\


M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H


#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/]T<CX-CQT<B!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


C`Q



M
6QE




M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H




]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M


BXU





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A
&8O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

]



T1T;W`^/'-T



T1T;W`^4V-H961U


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@


M9&5N=#H@

M=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^





M971I8V$L('-A;G



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

T0R


2P@
C`Q-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N


M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H,C$S+#(S
M-PR





M

M('-A;G



'!T

T0G=VED








]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M

C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T






RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

L





'!T($%R


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S
M<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L
M('-A;G







M+#4Y


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P

M


M;&4]







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M('-A;G






]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`S



C5C7V$V
#E?.64T8V1A9F)E
M83!F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#







M(#AP=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M





I

M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T

M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR

M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


'0M86QI







]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

C

'!T($%R:6%L




T0G


M;#LG/C(P
C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N










C`R








M971I8V$L('-A;G

34L

RPR
S0L
C

]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ.PY,S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS



U

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ,2PP-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S




\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W
]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X









M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R
M9V(H


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V



M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P.7!X.R!B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@



#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@



M



M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

!D;W5B
3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM
M/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A
M



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P14A&04




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#



]
M




M92UW:61T:#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


6QE/3-$)W1E






2P@
C`P.#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@




'!X.R!F
'0M



M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H,C$S+#(S
M-PR


M971I8V$L('-A;G

M;F=Y=6%N($YU=')I=&EO;F%L($9O;V0@0V\N+!,=&0N/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



]

T0G9F]N=#H@





M;G


M





RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@

=&0N













]

T0G9F]N=#H@


BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#XE(@R
#$R




]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G

C4E/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G






M=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR-24\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL




M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@







M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G






M;&4]




M9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X\





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0Q

M8V$L('-A;G








T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SX\8CXR,#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T



]

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G=F5R=&EC








M






M:#H@

M)SXQ+#(S



'!T($%R:6%L

M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


L


M





]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M





]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H,C$S
M+#(S-PR


M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G













]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q








M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q






M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G







M

M;VYT.B`Q


RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`X
M
G!X.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

]

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G=VED



M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
M
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA



S`L


T0G=VED


M:61T:#H@



M9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH,C4L-#8R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\



]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@





M;#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[




P+#0W



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M8V$L('-A;G








M:#H@

M=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^(#PO=&0^#0H\





U
6QE



]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@








M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0R/CQF;VYT










M;#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G








M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH.2PQ.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@











M

M







M971I8V$L('-A;G



M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H







]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@





M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


P-SPO9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O






]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M-BPW
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L



M

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$




M/B@Q.3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C
M;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I
M8V$L('-A;G


M871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L























]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M;G


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N




M+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M




M9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR-#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X








]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O=6)L


M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T

M9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXS-RPQ.#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


]
7!E($]F(%1E;7!O


34V-W!X.R!W;W)D+7-P



M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS

]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M+C




M

S$L(#(P
M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



T0G=&5X

T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@





M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
3(R

]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V
6QE


]

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$R-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT



3
L
C
T+#(S











M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M('-A;G




SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


RPR
M
S0L
C


]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXS+#@V





]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/]T








]

T0G9F]N=#H@






M;G

M

M


C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M+C







2PU
34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H



M)SXQ
RPR










M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M+C










]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X



2PV.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F


C$S+#(S
6QE/3-$



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M

3(L

M;&4]




]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



















T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R















M(')G8B@R
3
L
C









]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



;VYG+6QI

M

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G


2PX
S4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$





3
L
C



M)SXR-SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L












T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T

M9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@







M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G



M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L

M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXX+#





]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M;VTZ(#$N

97-S.B!V86QU871I


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@








M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N


M;VYT.B`Q


RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

M;G

M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



'!T($%R


]

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@








M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M









S$L(#(P

M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C








T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$R-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$




]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@


]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M
3@L



M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R
M9V(H

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L

M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@



2XS-7!T.R!T97AT

M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@










]
T1?;70@

T0G9F]N=#H@

6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I
M;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C=P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
W!X(&1O






]
'!E;G-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/B`\=&%B;&4@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED





MCQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R

M


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0Q

M



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@07)I86PL($AE;'9E=&EC
M82P@<V%N<RUS97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SX\8CXR
#$U


M)SX\8CXR

M*#(Q
RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

]

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G=&5X

T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@






M86X]




\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M.B`Q

M;G





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H













M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
'0M:6YD96YT.B`Y<'0[)SX\
M9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q










M.B`Q







'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W
]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@





M('-A;G



M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
'0M:6YD96YT.B`Y<'0[
M)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L


T0G=&5X

T0G=&5X

M;VYT.B`Q




C0X*3PO9F]N



M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ








3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L






RPR
S0L
C
T


]

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E



T0G




]

T0G9F]N=#H@





M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R
M9V(H
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R






M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\




M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT


















M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
3
L
C




'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^)FYB<W`[



M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B9N8G-P






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O








M;&4]



M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M8F]T=&]M.B`Q+C









M;3H@


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P







M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G




RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

M('-A;G

M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



'!T


]

T0G9F]N=#H@



M971I8V$L('-A;G





T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

'!T($%R:6%L

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@








]
!96YE9FET<SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S<STS


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@9F]N=#H@


'!X.R`M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$






M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G






M;&4]


]

T0G9F]N=#H@






3


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C





#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]

M8V$L('-A;G



M

T0G=VED


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R



C8P





'!T($%R:6%L




C$S



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M=&]M.B`Q+C






M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F



M;VTZ(#$N

M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH

'!T($%R




]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\

M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G








]

T0G9F]N=#H@


#`\+V9O;G0^







]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@



M4&%R=%]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@


]

]
M

]




T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

T0G=&5X

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@







M;&4]


]

T0G9F]N=#H@



M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H,C$S+#(S
M-PR






\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

'!T($%R:6%L

M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G





M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT


M
CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@





M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

3L@8F%S:6
@86YD(&1I;'5T960\+V9O





M;W)M86P[)SXU-RPS
#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT







M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
3
L
C


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





2XR

6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C=P=#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S<#L\




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@



C5C7V$V
#E?
M.64T8V1A9F)E83!F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
M
F9A


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



]




]
T1R



'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R


M+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$


T0G


T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L
M('-A;G







RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
30Q

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@







M)W=I9'1H.B`Q





]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

3@\+V9O










M('-A;G

2PW
3@\+V9O







M8V$L('-A;G

2PW
3@\


'!T($%R:6%L

M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@










M/C4U+#DY

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S
M<#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X@/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S<&%N/CPO=&0^

M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C,3)F83,T95]E,35F7S0R-6-?838P
M.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A,&8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8S$R9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V

M='




CX\



]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


]



]


M(&-O;&]R.B!R9V(H

M9F]N=#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX@/]T9#X-

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



C`Q
M-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0Z(#$P

T0S



M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI
M9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A
M;G,M4V5R:68[)SX\8CXR,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M

M($585$523D%

T0G8F%C:V=R


M(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-


X
M-BPX


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M



M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@

M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



\


M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A
M;G

M
M4V5R:68[)SXR






M(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M=#L@9F]N=#H@






'!T
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.B`Q

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@





M(#$N-7!T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R
M:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!!

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q

M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



'!T($%R:6%L
M+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SXS-S`L-3,T/]T9#X-CQT9!S

M;G
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q


M;&4]
















MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[
M)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SXD/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@

M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@


M
RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SXQ-2PW-3(\






M
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SXQ,PV.#@\+W1D






'!T




M+C5P=#L@9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@




#PO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M8F]T=&]M.B`Q+C5P=#L@9F]N=#H@


M.R!F;VYT.B`Q


3
L
C

M4V5R:68[





M=#H@


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

M:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@

M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



'!T



M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SY'4D]34R!04D]&250@*$Q/
M4U
I/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N







3
L
C



'!T($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV
M971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@

M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


M


M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



'!T
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(
M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@


M;G
M4V5R:68[)SXH






M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q

RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M9F]N=#H@

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@




M(#$N-7!T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R
M:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!!

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`Q


3!P




M4V5R:68[)SXQ
M.#DL-34T/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

'!T($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL




M4V5R:68[)SXQ-3
L-3`W/]T9#X-CQT

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M(%-A;G












S5P=#L@



M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P


]

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M






M;G
M4V5R:68[)SY43U1!3!!4U-%5%,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

T0R/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=&5X


M(')G8B@R
3
L
C

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M07)I86PL($AE;'9E=&EC82P@4V%N<RU397)I9CLG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P
M<'0@07)I86PL($AE;'9E=&EC82P@4V%N<RU397)I9CLG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T



'0M:6YD96YT.B`U<'0[)SX\9F]N=!C
M;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I
M8V$L(%-A;G





'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


'!T($%R
M:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SXU,2PR.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T



'0M:6YD96YT.B`U<'0[)SX\9F]N=!C
M;&%S<STS1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I
M8V$L(%-A;G



M9CLG/C(L









M4V5R:68[)SXM(%5N




'!T
M($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SXQ,PU
C@\+V9O;G0^





3
L
C
T+#(S



S5P=#L@




]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

M;G



M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[

M8V$L(%-A;G





M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




T0G=&5X



M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R





]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@

3
Y+#0X-SPO



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#5P=#LG






'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV
M971I8V$L(%-A;G,M4V5R:68[)SXQ-PP

M





M4V5R:68[)SXM($]T:&5R



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@

MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX@/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU




]

T0G9F]N=#H@






CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D















'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L


M92UW:61T:#H@

]

T0G9F]N


'!X.R!T97AT
M+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I




'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@8V]L
M;W(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


S5P





M;W1T;VTZ(#$N



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

C`Q-#PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M(&QE9G0[)SX@/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B


]

T0G9F]N=#H@


]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[

C




T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G

M;&4]


]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
M4V5R:68[)SXR-C`L




T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P









T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@








]

T0G9F]N=#H@




'0M86QI9VXZ(')I

]

T0G9F]N=#H@




]

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M($)Y($=E;V=R87!H:6

3`P)3L@






CX\9F]N

M971I8V$L(%-A;G


S$L(#(P
30\






M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

T0G=VED

M




]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;G
M4V5R:68[)SXQ






3DL-S







M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@



3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?
M838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A

T0G=&5X




M



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

]


T0G=VED





MCQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T9#X-CQT9#X@/]T



S5P=#L@=&5X


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

T0Q-#X\

M96QV971I8V$L('-A;G

M/&(^1FES8V%L(%EE87(@
C`Q-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N




M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([







M

]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@



2XS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L

M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R

]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

T0R



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0R/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@









'!T($%R:6%L



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P








]

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=VED



]

T0G9F]N=#H@



S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@




]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M








M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q






M;W)M86P[)SXQ
#$L
#



T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$R-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXY.PW
SD\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O

]

T0G9F]N=#H@









]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@8VQA<W
]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

X





]

T0G9F]N=#H@









M9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ,PR









]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M

M

M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L('-A;G





M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$




M;VYT.B`Q

M+#
P





]

T0G9F]N=#H@


P





]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


P
3PO9F]N



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O

]

T0G9F]N=#H@




P





]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


RPR
S0L
C
T*3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

M('-A;G

@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[




S$\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C






]

T0G9F]N=#H@



M971I8V$L('-A;G




S`\+V9O;G0^







]
T1?

T0G9F]N=#H@



M('-A;G








M1%]M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M





M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!C;&%S<STS1%]M=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@







]

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@



]

M=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(%M









#0P+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT

]







]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






]
T1N=6UP/C$L.3`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$L.3`P+#`P
M

]









M1&YU;7`^-2PP
#`L





RPW
#`L
#`P

M
RPR
#`L


BPV
#`L



]
T1N=6UP/CDP





]
T1N
M=6UP/C(P


]

=&0N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X






]
M

]
M

]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#0P+#`P


]


]

]


]












;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
M
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A




M:78]

]
M



@*%-C



3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@


]

]



]





]



]



]


]
T1T







M+!P;&%N=!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





M:7!M96YT(%M




]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R72!\(%!L86YT($%N9!-


M

]
M

]

3`@

















;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A
&8O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

M;G


]

@
M86YD(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]


]

]
M






]
T1T

]




]

]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!O9B!L;VYG+6QI=F5D


]


T1T;W`^075S;65A9&]W($)R86YD(%M-96UB97)=






L($EN8VQU9&EN9R!$:7-C


]




]

3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?
M838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A

T0G=&5X




]



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3




]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP



]
M




]
T1T


M

]















]


]

]


]



]

M='









]
T1T97AT

]

M
2PQ








]


]


]


]





]
M



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'







]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

S`L(#(P



L($EN8VQU9&EN9R!$:7-C;VYT:6YU


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V%I;B!O;B!D:7-P;W-A;!A;F0@



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


38L




@6TQI;F4@271E


]








]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^1&5P;W-I=!P87EM96YT/]T9#X-








M87)I97

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P


]




M1&YU;7`^
3$L.3`P+#`P


]


]


]

]
M

#`L

C`L
3`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

#`\







]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


:6YE($ET







2PS
#`L















]


]


]


]


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V%I;B!O;B!D:7-P;W-A;!A;F0@;&EQ=6ED









#`L




]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P


]



]




@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]
M



]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L-C`P+#`P



T1T;W`^4V-E;F%R:6\L(%!L86X@



]




]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5P;W-I=!P87EM96YT+!P97)C96YT/]T9#X-B`@










2XP


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

2PQ
#`L
#`P/'-P


@6TQI


]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F
M7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



]

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


@



2PP








]
T1N=6UP/C(V+#8V
RPP




]
T1N=6UP/C@S+#DX
M-BPP




]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Q+#0P


]


]

#`P/'-P

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C
M7V$V

O4VAE970U-BYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4@3V8@0F%L86YC97




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#




]

]







]

2PP
C4\


]


]

M


]

@4V5R=FEC92!#;RXL

]
T1T97AT


T1T

:6YE($ET



]
T1N=6UP/C
L-S








]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]


]



]


]




]
T1T

@*%-C:&5D=6QE



CY-87(N(#

S$L(#(P


]


]
T1T

]



]
T1T97AT

]



]






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]




]




]


T1T

:6YE($ET



]
T1F;CX\


T1T;W`^6S%=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


3
N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*#0HM+2TM+2T]7TYE

Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE-&-D869B96$P9@T*



]

M:60]





SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M



]


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M4V%L97




]


]



M86-T:6]N(%M





]

=&0N(%M-96UB97)=






]


]



]

M+#8U


]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]






]



]











]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4\



M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V
M

O4VAE970U.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]






]

#$S








M(#0V

]





]

]


]


M86QI9VX]

M(%M







\+W1D




]
T1R:#X-



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





]


]



T1T;W`^0F5I:FEN
M9R!3=X@06YG96P@0W5L='5R86P@0V]M;75N:6-A=&EO;B!#;RXL($QT9X@

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]








]



5T\

M
C5C7V$V
#E?.64T8V1A9F)E83!F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE-&-D869B96$P9B]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4V24%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S



M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q-3QB

#$T





]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C4L





]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F
M8F5A



]


M=6EP;65N=P@3F5T(A.87)R871I=F4I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R

T0S


#$U/&)R/CPO




]


]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
34N


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


'0O:'1M;#L@


]

M;'


S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@


]


]

]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3DV+#4X


]


]
M






]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$T-2PX
S



]

]
M


]



]



M
T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!,96%S92!/9B!=6EL9&EN9R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^





M;G0@86YD(&5Q=6EP;65N=P@8V]S=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S





]


]


]




]




]
T1N
M=6UP/C@P+#`Q







]





]



]
T1N=6UP












]




]

]





]



]
T1N=6UP

M1&YU;7`^




T1T;W`^3W1H
M97)S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\







]
T1N=6UP/C$L




Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE-&-D


]
M



]
M

]
T1T:#Y-
M87(N(#


S$L(#(P
3


M




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XT


]


]









M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE






]



L

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#



]



]



BPS-S8\


Z($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


M=%]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A





]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P



]

]
M

M=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




]




M9SY);F1E9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S(%M
:6YE($ET



#`P+#`P


]

]
M


M9VX]

M07-S971S(%M





M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y
M931C9&%F8F5A

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O




M
S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R
M+B`S
2P@

]


]



]



C5C7V$V
#E?.64T
M8V1A9F)E83!F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
F9A
M


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$505D-)/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@






M86X]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]

T0S/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M
#$U/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

S$L(#(P
3

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#


#$U


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^1G)A;F-E/&)R/E531`H)D\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

S$L(#(P
34\8G(^

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@




#$U/&)R/D-O;G-T


S$L
M(#(P

M/D-(24Y!/&)R/D554B`H)B-X
C!A8SLI/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





















]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30U+#8S.2PP



#`P


























]







#$Y/'-P86X^





]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]


M





]


]









]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#`P
M


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/D9E






]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
V-RPY-34L



]
M
T1N=6UP/C8Q+#(P


]





2PY
#`L
#`P/'-P

M-C`P+#`P















]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


RPP
#`L








M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XX('EE87)S


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#8P

M
#`L


















Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y






]



M+B`S
2P@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T


]





]
T1N=6UP
M/C$V

]



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C
M9&%F8F5A






M=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]








]


]


M;2!$96)T(%M












]



]



]





]





]


]

]

3$V+#
S



T1T;W`^1&5B

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


M/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A
M



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M=`H4V-H961U;&4@3V8@3&]N9RU497)M($1E8G0I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$

]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#


S$L(#(P


;VYG+71E

M








]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]








]



]








]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@







]

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L
M(#(P






]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C



#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]




BPP


Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A






]





M+B`S
2P@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R





M

]




]

RPT
#0\



]





]
T1N=6UP/C4L-S(P

M-2PR









]


^


S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*







]






2PP



]
T1T97AT


T1T


]




]
T1N












]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]


'0O:'1M;#L@


]



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P


@56YD97(@0V%P








]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C8R


M9VX]
T1T;W`^



]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#DS








]


]








M93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V

O4VAE970W


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]


]


]


]

S+#`P


]


]

\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#0P
M+#`P


]



2PP
#`L






]


]






]


T1T;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!C:&%R9V5S/]T






M($UO;F=O;&EA($AU:6QI9'5O($9O;V0@0V\N+!,=&0N(%M-96UB97)=/]T





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]


]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C
L-C`U+#`P


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!O

\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#0P+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!C:&%R9V5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

#`L










]





















]
M

]
M


M9VX]






]



T1T;W`^4&]W9&5R

M0G)A;F1S(%M-96UB97)=('P@4V%L97
@4F5V96YU92P@3F5T(%M-96UB97)=







]


]



T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G




]
M



]
T1T


3(@36]N=&AS($5N




#$U/&)R/E531`H
M)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
M

M36%R+B`S
2P@

S$L(#(P
3

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

M(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@


]
T1T
M:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/E5.251%1!35$%415
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$U/&)R
M/DY%5$A%4DQ!3D13/&)R/E!R;V9I=',@06)O=F4@1552(#(P,PP
#`@6TUE

M
2P@


M
#`L



#$U/&)R/DA/

#$U/&)R/D-(24Y!/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@



=&0N(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M;64@5&%X97


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C


]


]
T1N=6UP


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$V+C4P)3QS

]
T1T

]
T1N

M86QI9VX]










]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]





















]




























M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)E;F5F:70@;V8@=&%X(&AO;&ED87D@;VX@8F%S:6
@



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




#`P

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$S






















]






#`L

























RPP
#`L


C8R+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C8L

C`V+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L
C8P+#`P


]























M;G


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/C
@







































]


]



T1T;W`^4W!E
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C
























;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T
M95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY);F-O;64@5&%X97


T0R/C$R($UO

#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]




]
T1T97AT


T1T





]


]
T1T

]

]
M



]
T1T

]






=&0N(%M-









]



T1T;W`^169F96-T

]
T1N=6UP

]



]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^169F96-T:79E(')A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


T1T;W`^0F5I:FEN9R!3:&5N9WEU86X@2'5I
M;6EN(%1E8VAN;VQO9WD@4V5R=FEC92!#;RX@3'1D+B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^





]






]



]






M93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V

O4VAE970W





M;W)E($EN8V]M92!487@@17AP96YS92`H0F5N969I=D@*$1E=&%I;',I(A5

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]

M8F5F;W)E(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92`H8F5N969I=D\+W1D/@T*(`@

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#(W+#`S


]
T1T

]
T1T

]






]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#
P








]



BPS







]


]

]
M



]


]



]
T1T97AT


T1T

M86QI9VX]

]
T1T


M


]
T1R93X-




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?
M838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M97
@*%)E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N($9R;VT@4W1A='5T;W)Y($EN8V]M92!487@@

M(A96YE9FET*2D@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S



#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L

]
T1R


]


]


S`W/'-P

M:&%N9V4@:6X@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]



T1T;W`^56YR96-O9VYI
!B96YE9FET<SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S<STS1&YU
M;3XH








M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#0T
2D\

M/DYO;F1E9'5C=&EB;&4@:71E;7


]






Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?





]

T1)1#!%05)!13X-B`@(`@





M=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@









T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@;V8@87-S971S('5N9&5R


]

]






]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C0L-3(S/'-P


]

2PY


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-U8G1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

RPR




Z('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4\

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
2PV.#`I/'-P

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#(V-SQS


]












T1T;W`^




]
M


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C@L




97-S.B!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E


T1T


M
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M14A&04




CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$









]
T1N=6T^*#$X
M+#
T



M


]


]








]

]



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6T^*#(V
BD\



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
2PS





]
T1R

]
T1R















]



@6TQI;F4@271E


]

]
T1N

M1&YU;7`^-S




3(L.#(X

]



]

M86QI9VX]

@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]
M

]
T1N=6UP




2PU





]






]




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V
#E?.64T8V1A9F)E83!F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE-&-D869B



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5+2D%#/@T*

M




M86X]

#$U


T1T;W`^/'-T








M



]



]



M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R



M9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V
#E?.64T8V1A9F)E83!F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE




^+RH@1&\@


$5#







]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M4V5P+B`S

]
T1T
M:#Y*=6XN(#


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3



I


]











RPX



#$L

S`Q+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P
2PP


#$L

S`Q+#`P
#QS



T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W

I

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XR



2XQ


M;G1S(&5X8VQU9&5D(&9R;VT@=&AE(&-O;7!U=&%T:6]N(&]F(&1I;'5T960@
M96%R;FEN9W












#`L

M97AT4&%R=%]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A
&8-





^


S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M36%R+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

M(%M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M.#(L.#`P+#`P


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
3`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
C`P
M+#`P

]

]




]


T1T;W`^36EL:R!0;W=D97(L(%=H97D@
M4')O=&5I;BP@26UP;W)T960@1'5T8V@@0V]W($)R86YD(%!R;V1U8W0@06YD


]





]





3(@;6]N=&AS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

P+#`P




]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]


]



]

]


]


]


M










]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1T


M




]



T1T;W`^-S`E($1E;6EN97)A;&EZ


]

M86QI9VX]



]





]
T1N=6UP/C8L










M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V
#E?.64T8V1A

O4VAE970X-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@06YD($-O;G1I
M;F=E;F-I97
@*%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S92!#;VUM:71M


S$L(#(P


@06YD
M($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

T1T;W`^


]


]


#(P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

]
T1P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@

]

3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?
M838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A

T0G=&5X



@
M26YF;W)M871I;VX@*%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN
M9F]R;6%T:6]N($)Y($%C=&EV:71I97



]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P
3















34L
S




]
M










]
T1N=6UP/C$U
RPU



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@













]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4U

]

]


]
















]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]












]

M;3XH
3
L


]


]


]


]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#8W


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\









M1&YU;7`^



]




]
T1T

]
T1T


]



]

\





SDL-#@W




M


]




























]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]






]

]



T1T;W`^5&]T




SD\

M-2PX





























\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]


]


]



















]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T



]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#

]
T1R;SX-






M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L

M1&YU;7`^
BPT





]


]

2PR




T1T;W`^3W1H97(@


]
M



]

]
T1N=6UP/C`\

M

]


]














]




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L-3(X/'-P


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y
M931C9&%F8F5A

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O





@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO


]
T1T:#Y3
M97`N(#

M/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@


S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@



BPT



#$L
#



]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

T1T;W`^36%I;FQA;F0@0VAI;F$@6TUE

]


]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^3F5T









C
T

M




]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34L

M93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V
#E?.64T8V1A9F)E83!F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE-&-D869B


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E





;V-A=&EO;BD@*$1E=&%I;'

M
S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R
M+B`S
2P@

]






M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

Q
F9A
S1E







]

T1)1#!%5D9!13X-


^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M



L


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^






CQS

]

]
T1N

]


]














M+R\O0SHO8S$R9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V
#E?.64T8V1A9F)E83!F+U=O

O4VAE970Y
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


M36EL;&EO;G



M

#$U/&)R/D-(24Y!/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@



S$L(#(P
3





]


]


T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y97(@8V]N=')I8G5T






]
T1N=6UP

]
M


M9VX]






3)F83
T
M95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A

M;G1E;G0]




M
T0X/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

^

M
S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C`Q

#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
















]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$P+#$W

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#(L




]


]
T1N=6UP/C0S+#DP


]
T1N=6UP/C
X


]
T1N=6UP/C


]








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPP-S




]









M+C












C$\


M;G5M/B0@*#$N

M97AT4&%R=%]C
3)F83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A
&8-







]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
M



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#4L



#QS


\

]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#`R.#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS





]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
S4U/'-P





]




]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/CDQ+#4P-3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]








M

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]





]

C0Q

M-BPT.#










]






#`@875T:&]R:7IE

S`Q(&%N9`U-RPS,#$@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A
M=!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q-2!A;F0@



]




]
T1N=6UP/C$S








]
T1R93X-



]


]

24%24Q)5$E%4R!!3D0@15%52519/]T


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]


]


]


]


]





3D\




]


]



]











]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

2PW
S



]


M5$%

]
T1N
M=6UP/C8U+#


]


]

]
T1R

]
M




]



]





]
T1N=6UP/C$L




]





]
M

]
M


M9VX]


S$L(#(P
34@86YD(#(P


]






]


T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@9&5F:6-I

]





T1T;W`^

M

M1&YU;7`^-C$L



]
T1P




Q
M
F9A





]

T1)1#!%



I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO


R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@


#$S/&)R













M-S



]

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#`S


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`Q.#QS

]

]
M


BPS





]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#DT


]
T1N=6UP/CDL

M;7`^-BPP-S


]
T1N=6UP/C





]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P
3QS

]
T1N
M=6UP/C4W+#
P


]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P

]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P


]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P

]
T1P









3QS


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]

























]












M


]



]


]


]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C












]
T1N=6UP/C(L



]

]


]


]


]




M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^
M*#8U+#@Y



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-CDL-3

M1&YU;7`^)`S,PY


]

@86YD(&1I;'5T960\+W1D

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P



T1T
M;W`^16%R;FEN9W


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C
M7V$V

O4VAE970Y-2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

N(&-O









RPX.#@I



2PW

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R




]
T1N
M=6T^*#
L



3DL



M9VX]

I(&%T=')I8G5T




























\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C





]


]


]


]



]
T1N=6T^*#(S



@

M86QI9VX]

I








M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.2PP
#
I/'-P86X^

2PW
#$\

M+#
W





]


]


]


]

BPV



Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q







]





R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@


#$S/&)R








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L
#DT


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPP-S




]


T1T




M97

]


]


]


]




M
RPV














]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6T^*#(R




\+W1D

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#
P

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.#DI/'-P










M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#8V






]
T1N
M=6T^*#$V




















]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(R+#0Q


]



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6T^
M*#$R
RPS


]






















3
Y+#


]
T1N=6T^*#8P+#0T-BD\




]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#4L-S0T

]
M

]
T1P

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
M

]
M


]


]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!A;F0@8V%S


]
T1N=6UP/C@U+#$W


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@U+#$W


]

#QS

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


S`L.3(Y/'-P86X^

L.#@X

]













]


]


]


]


]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R.2PP-C0I/'-P86X^



]


]


]


]


]



RPV
C4I


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
















]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N





]
T1N=6UP



]























]
T1N=6UP




]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$L


]

]



]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$L
#(Q*3QS

]
T1N=6T^
M*#(W+#DT




]
T1R;SX-










]

]


]


]


]


]




]





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP

M/B@R+#@V

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
S
W/'-P

S4X


M


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L



M;7`^












M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C,3)F83,T95]E,35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y
M931C9&%F8F5A,&8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R
M9F$S-&5?93$U9E\T
C5C7V$V

O
M4VAE970Y-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

M06-C;W5N='
@*$1E=&%I;'




#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M96-E:79A8FQE(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$











]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(L


BPQ.#DI/'-P

RPQ
M

M;7`^


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E=R:71E+6]F9B!A;F0@97AC:&%N9V4@9&EF9F5R96YC93PO


]


]




M97(@4F5C96EV86)L97


]

M86QI9VX]

M06-C;W5N='


]



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!96=I


]
T1N=6UP/C(L






M:71E+6]F9B!A;F0@97AC:&%N9V4@9&EF9F5R96YC93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]
T1N=6T^*#


M86QI9VX]

]
M



]

]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C$S

]






]



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3)F
M83
T95]E
35F7S0R-6-?838P.5\Y931C9&%F8F5A



M9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3

M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S
M,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,U+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M=#
X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970T
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#
N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
RYH

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F

M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970W,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E

T0B4VAE970W

M-SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@P+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#@S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X-YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970X-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#@N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T.3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DR+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#DU+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-BYH=&UL


Q
F9A
S1E7V4Q-69?-#(U8U]A-C`Y7SEE
..-&-D869B96$P9BTM#0H`
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        











March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014

Accrued discount
 rebate and slotting fee


24
861



18
911




8
825



9
469




3
404



6
793




3
980



5
593




5
720



5
214




46
790



45
980





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        










 medical care
 million
 million for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The Company has no further obligations subsequent to payment of these amounts to the PRC government.







 if any
% of after-tax income should be set aside prior to payment of dividends as a general reserve fund. In addition
 there are restrictions on the distribution of share capital from the Company's PRC subsidiaries. As a result of these PRC laws and regulations
 the Company's PRC subsidiaries and PRC affiliates are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company in the form of dividends
 loans or advances
 million) as of March 31
 2015.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





 2015 and 2014 was comprised entirely of foreign currency translation adjustments. During fiscal year 2015
 reclassification of currency translation adjustments. During fiscal year 2014
 immaterial subsidiary
 reclassification of currency translation adjustments. During fiscal year 2013
 the Company liquidated&nbsp;




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 4
768
$ 5
464


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
025
1
918


Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
3
732
3
451


Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Limited [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        








Year Ending March 31






























15
816




18
931




11
041




7
890










7
806




7
890





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





 2015 and 2014 is as follows:






































































85
975



102
464



115
331



110
171



82
205



88
556



101
034



98
739




38
763



43
900



52
717



54
174



36
081



38
889



40
303



38
234




17
940



10
237



17
264



24
092



4
775



6
073



9
987



10
094




57
301



57
301



57
301



57
301



57
301



57
301



57
301



57
301








































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.



(Dollars and shares in thousands
 except per share data)













March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014


















4
056








4
056

















50
140



57
457




57
382



6
038








1
144




113
311



65
358





















































3
877




1
260








1
385



3
962




























Common stock
 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized; 57
301 and 57
301 issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively











135
440



135
440




(35
046



(104
579




11
526



30
529




111
926



61
396




113
311



65
358







(Dollars in thousands
 except per share data)

















Year Ended March 31

























1
186







1
570




1
186







1
570


































2
046





Other income
 net&nbsp;




































3
625




71
265



29
064



(65
893




69
533



30
929



(63
888

















57
301



57
301



57
301



































Year Ended March 31
























Other comprehensive income (loss)





































































































Year Ended March 31









































































































































































































































































































































































































Cash and cash equivalents














Cash and cash equivalents




















Schedule I has been provided pursuant to the requirements of Rule 12-04(a) and 5-04(c) of Regulation S-X
 which require condensed financial information as to the financial position
 changes in financial position and results of operations of a parent company as of the same dates and for the same periods for which audited consolidated financial statements have been presented when the restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiaries exceed 25 percent of consolidated net assets as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year.









Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted. The footnote disclosures contain supplemental information relating to the operations of the Company and
 as such
 these statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company.




As of March 31
 2015
 there were no material contingencies
 significant provisions of long-term obligations
 mandatory dividend or redemption requirements of redeemable stocks or guarantees of the Company
 except for those which have been separately disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statement
 if any.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the financial position
 cash flows
 and the results of operations of the registrant (parent company) as of the same dates or for the same periods for which audited consolidated financial statements are being presented. Alternatively
 the details of this disclosure can be reported by the specific parent company taxonomy elements
 indicating the appropriate date and period contexts in an instance document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 72
031
$ 30
348
$ (64
221)


        
        
        
        


        
15
210
15
356
14
976


        
(2
179)
(3
193)
2
423


        
9
682
6
487
12
452


        
5
845
1
040
        


        
(11
300)
        
36
550


        
(15
294)
        
(3
625)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
16
045
6
698


        
(18
219)
(1
243)
(24
476)


        
        
        
9
604


        
        
        
        


        
6
000
(2
963)
(4
943)


        
8
540
(8
729)
(16
075)


        
(1
426)
        
        


        
        
2
488
6
954


        
(1
671)
        
        


        
(1
661)
(7
753)
11
979


        
        
        
6
415


        
62
529
46
225
(5
744)


        
        
        
        


Acquisition of property
 plant and equipment
(89
344)
(29
582)
(16
115)


        
(56
753)
(57
861)
(56
450)


        
        
        
1
565


        
22
411
        
        


        
(123
306)
(86
699)
(70
012)


        
        
        
        


        
212
911
181
315
309
115


        
(183
175)
(194
730)
(268
901)


        
167
502
176
919
111
208


        
(139
364)
(111
890)
(60
446)


        
        
        
(1
044)


        
        
        
        


        
57
192
50
772
89
546


        
(2
159)
1
567
        


        
(5
744)
11
865
14
257


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year
90
915
79
050
64
793


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year
85
171
90
915
79
050


        
        
        
        


Interest paid
 net of capitalized interest of $1.8 million
 nil and nil
 respectively
13
163
17
323
12
779


        
5
686
        
        


        
        
        
        


Purchase of property
 plant and equipment included in accounts payable
9
474
5
442
6
640


        
$ 6
726
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families; affiliates; or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 generally attributable to obsolescence or market conditions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as medical
 dental and life insurance.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.











































Allowance for accounts receivable
 including current and not-current portion

















5
137



(2
189







2
941





11
352



(3
116



(3
099



5
137





12
167



1
856



(2
671



11
352























2
248











1
446





2
682











2
248





2
164











2
682























38
604



(26
456



(3
100



9
048





56
971



(18
341







38
604





13
589



46
700



(3
318



56
971






        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
260
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
498
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Land Use Rights
 Net (Tables)

        

      






Land Use Rights
 Net [Abstract]
        


        
        











March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014

Land use rights
 cost


9
896



12
376




1
239



1
419

Land use rights
 net


8
657



10
957





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
$ 5
845
$ 1
040
        


Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 Fair Value
        
3
605
        


        
4
726
1
040
        


Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]
        
        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 Fair Value
        
3
605
        


        
        
        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        
        


Intangible asset
 Fair Value
        
        
        


        
1
119
        
        


Ausmeadow and Huiliduo Brands [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]
        
        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        
        


Intangible asset
 Fair Value
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets
 that lack physical substance
 having a limited useful life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


Accrued discount
 rebate and slotting fee
$ 24
861
$ 18
911


        
8
825
9
469


        
3
404
6
793


        
3
980
5
593


        
5
720
5
214


        
$ 46
790
$ 45
980




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 85
171
$ 90
915


        
145
906
67
211


Accounts receivable
 net of allowance of $1
824 and $2
851
 respectively
15
405
17
763


        
87
754
83
986


        
2
629
3
109


        
        
        


        
6
726
        


        
12
267
        


        
27
012
22
028


        
382
870
285
256


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
187
085
145
833


Land use rights
 net
8
657
10
957


Intangible assets
 net
2
588
4
270


        
78
799
100
533


        
2
139
2
355


        
        
        


        
2
449
1
479


        
664
885
550
683


        
        
        


        
145
639
115
917


        
130
426
91
505


        
47
764
39
616


        
1
233
        


        
        
1
556


        
14
844
15
692


        
46
790
45
980


        
386
826
310
266


        
144
627
160
533


        
3
816
4
247


        
7
806
7
898


        
7
241
6
483


        
550
316
489
427


        
        
        


        
        
        


Common stock
 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized; 57
301 and 57
301 issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
        
        


        
135
440
135
440


        
(35
046)
(104
579)


        
11
526
30
529


        
111
926
61
396


        
2
643
        


        
114
569
61
256


        
$ 664
885
$ 550
683




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) of a disposal group
 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 to be sold or that has subsequently been disposed of through sale
 as of the financial statement date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and is not expected to be recognized in the next twelve months. Generally
 an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due after one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. For a classified balance sheet represents the current portion only (the noncurrent portion has a separate concept); there is a separate and distinct element for unclassified presentations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cash equivalents and investments that is restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits classified as long-term; that is not expected to be released from such existing restrictions within one year of the balance sheet date or operating cycle
 whichever is longer. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. Includes noncurrent cash equivalents and investments that are similarly restricted as to withdrawal
 usage or disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




Statutory Tax Rate Beginning January 1
 2008




Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.




Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.




Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.




Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.



% (2014
 2015)
Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.




Beijing Syclin Clinical Laboratory Co.
 Ltd.




Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.




Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.






        
        















Year Ended March 31















21
300



1
232



(3
045












2
338

















(4
295



(1
453








49
994



30
250



(25
462




67
582



30
478



(27
035



        
        















Year Ended March 31















22
980



10
364



(9
192




(3
699



(3
206





















(26
456



(7
597



46
700

















2
331




















(1
441




1
489












(4
449







37
186



Deferred Tax Assets By Type Of Temporary Difference
 Credits
 And Change In Valuation Allowance
        











March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014











1
920



1
099

















7
469




3
860



1
760








1
004




4
523



8
805




1
981



1
515




13
237



21
680








(21
680




12
267


























6
118



15
279













1
835


























8
376



16
924




(8
078



(16
924












        
        











March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014




38
604



56
971




(26
456



(18
341




(3
100








9
048



38
604



        
        















Year Ended March 31



















































4
719












2
477

























7
113


























































































1
528












(12
828







36
550




(11
300







36
550




(4
449







37
186



        
        















March 31




























1
260

























1
498













        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 applicable term of the exemptions and reductions
 estimated dollar value of tax benefits
 and per share benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including identification of the deferred tax asset more likely than not will not be fully realized and the corresponding amount of the valuation allowance.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 24
092
$ 17
264
$ 10
237
$ 17
940
$ 10
094
$ 9
987
$ 6
073
$ 4
775
$ 69
533
$ 30
929
$ (63
888)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(15
294)
        
(3
625)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
15
210
15
356
14
976


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
9
604


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
426)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
661)
(7
753)
11
979


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
6
415


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
62
529
46
225
(5
744)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
22
411
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(123
306)
(86
699)
(70
012)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(139
364)
(111
890)
(60
446)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
57
192
50
772
89
546


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(5
744)
11
865
14
257


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year
        
        
        
90
915
        
        
        
79
050
90
915
79
050
64
793


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year
85
171
        
        
        
90
915
        
        
        
85
171
90
915
79
050


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
69
533
30
929
(63
888)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(71
265)
(29
064)
65
893


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(3
625)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(2
046)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(18
103)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
153
(8
665)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
588)
1
525


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
260
        
(1
290)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
021)
        
(27
943)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
28
246


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
046
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
4
358
2
046
28
246


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(2
860)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(2
860)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
337
        
        


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
077
        
1
077
        


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year
$ 4
056
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 4
056
        
$ 1
077




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families; affiliates; or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent assets
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 certain corporate joint ventures
 and certain noncontrolled corporations that are returns of capital. Excludes dividends or distributions from equity method investments classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 72
031
$ 30
348
$ (64
221)


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:
        
        
        


        
(11
991)
1
701
        


        
(7
011)
        
(3
141)


        
(19
002)
1
701
(3
375)


        
53
029
32
049
(67
596)


        
2
499
        
        


        
$ 50
530
$ 32
630
$ (67
261)




        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to noncontrolling interests. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 27
994
$ 25
506
$ 30
220


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(73
740)
(41
630)
14
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
16
033
16
162
15
018


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
7
608
4
658
2
326


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
15
294
        
3
625


        
24
092
17
264
10
237
17
940
10
094
9
987
6
073
4
775
69
533
30
929
(63
888)


        
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
186
        
1
570


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
186
        
1
570


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
046
        


Other income
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
625


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
71
265
29
064
(65
893)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 69
533
$ 30
929
$ (63
888)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
57
301
57
301
57
301


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating expense recognized during the period. Such amounts may include: (a) unusual costs
 (b) loss on foreign exchange transactions
 (c) losses on securities (net of profits)
 and (d) miscellaneous other expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) profits on securities (net of losses)
 and (d) miscellaneous other income items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
$ 5
262
        


Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
4
674
        


Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

 purchases from related parties
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





































March 31
 2015:




Property
 Plant and Equipment







































4
726









































1
119






















March 31
 2014:




Property
 Plant and Equipment























3
605











3
605



1
040





        
          

        
          
            

 including financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods after initial recognition (for example
 impaired assets). Disclosures may include
 but are not limited to: (a) the fair value measurements recorded and the reasons for the measurements and (b) the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are categorized in their entirety (levels 1
 2
 3).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Intangible Assets
 Net (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 2
500
000
$ 3
100
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
98
000
878
000
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
$ 337
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 years. Future minimum capital lease payments at March 31
 2015 are as follows:









Year Ending March 31






























15
816




18
931




11
041




7
890










7
806




7
890



177


92

 2014 and 2013
 respectively



201

 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The interest rates associated with the capital leases are from 






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.
              
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        











March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014




50
578



44
981




17
905



12
342




19
271



26
663




87
754



83
986





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        












% for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013.



200

% for taxable profits exceeding EUR 200
000 for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013.












 2007
 the National People's Congress of the PRC approved and promulgated the new Enterprise Income Tax Law (EIT Law)
 which took effect beginning January 1
 2008. Under the new EIT law
 foreign investment enterprises and domestic companies are subject to a uniform tax rate of 








Statutory Tax Rate Beginning January 1
 2008




Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.




Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.




Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.




Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.



% (2014
 2015)
Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.




Beijing Syclin Clinical Laboratory Co.
 Ltd.




Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.




Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.






 dividends which arise from profits of foreign invested enterprises (FIEs) earned after January 1
% withholding tax. In addition
 under the tax arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong
 if the foreign investor is incorporated in Hong Kong and qualifies as the beneficial owner
%
% in the FIE. A deferred tax liability should be recognized for the undistributed profits of PRC companies unless the Company has sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the undistributed dividends will be indefinitely reinvested. As of March 31
 2015
 all earnings generated in countries/areas other than United States are intended to be indefinitely reinvested and as a result
 the Company did not record any deferred tax liability on such undistributed earnings.










 income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) includes the following components:

















Year Ended March 31















21
300



1
232



(3
045












2
338

















(4
295



(1
453








49
994



30
250



(25
462




67
582



30
478



(27
035








 2014 and 2013:

















Year Ended March 31















22
980



10
364



(9
192




(3
699



(3
206





















(26
456



(7
597



46
700

















2
331




















(1
441




1
489












(4
449







37
186



%
 PRC tax holiday
 million
 nil and nil for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The benefit of the PRC tax holidays on basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share was $
 for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




Deferred tax assets by type of temporary difference
 credits and change in valuation allowance















March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014











1
920



1
099

















7
469




3
860



1
760








1
004




4
523



8
805




1
981



1
515




13
237



21
680








(21
680




12
267


























6
118



15
279













1
835


























8
376



16
924




(8
078



(16
924






























March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014




38
604



56
971




(26
456



(18
341




(3
100








9
048



38
604



 among other matters
 the nature
 frequency and severity of recent losses
 forecasts of future profitability
 the duration of statutory carryforward periods
 the Company's experience with tax attributes expiring unused and tax planning alternatives. Valuation allowances have been established for deferred tax assets based on a more likely than not threshold. The Company's ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on its ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods provided for under the tax law.


 the Company believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of the deductible differences of Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 a major subsidiary
 million deferred tax assets as of March 31
 2015. As for the remaining deferred tax assets of other subsidiaries
 the Company believes it is not more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of the deductible differences
 million was accrued as of March 31
 2015.


 the Company derecognized deferred tax assets and released valuation allowance related to these subsidiaries of $







 2014 and 2013 are summarized as follows:

















Year Ended March 31



















































4
719












2
477

























7
113


























































































1
528












(12
828







36
550




(11
300







36
550




(4
449







37
186











 and has measured the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. These liabilities are recorded in other long term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognizes the liability for unrecognized tax benefits
 and the associated interest and penalties within the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The Company believes that it is reasonably possible that&nbsp;



















March 31




























1
260

























1
498










 million in the fiscal year 2015 is related to the disposal of subsidiaries
 million in the fiscal year 2013 is related to the tax de-registration of a subsidiary
 Heilongjiang Mingshan Dairy Co.
 Ltd. The balance of unrecognized tax benefits at March 31
 2015
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.


 years under special circumstances


 the statute of limitations is ten years. There is no statute of limitations in the case of tax evasion. The Company's PRC subsidiaries are therefore generally subject to examination by the PRC tax authorities from calendar year 2010 through 2014 on non-transfer pricing matters
 and from calendar year 2005 through 2014 on transfer pricing matters. The statute of limitations in the US is generally&nbsp;




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 145
639
$ 115
917


        
130
426
91
505


Total debt
 current
276
065
207
422


Long-term debt
 non-current portion
144
627
160
533


        
$ 420
692
$ 367
955




        
          

        
          
            

 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Mar. 31
 2012
        
$ 135
440
$ (71
620)
$ 32
201
$ 1
065
$ 97
092


Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2012
57
301
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
(63
888)
        
        
(64
221)


Other comprehensive income
 net of tax of nil
        
        
        
(3
373)
        
(3
375)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Mar. 31
 2013
        
135
440
(135
508)
28
828
        
29
207


Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2013
57
301
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
30
929
        
        
30
348


Other comprehensive income
 net of tax of nil
        
        
        
1
701
        
1
701


Balance at Mar. 31
 2014
        
135
440
(104
579)
30
529
        
61
256


Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2014
57
301
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
69
533
        
2
498
72
031


Other comprehensive income
 net of tax of nil
        
        
        
(19
003)
        
(19
002)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Mar. 31
 2015
        
$ 135
440
$ (35
046)
$ 11
526
$ 2
643
$ 114
569


Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2015
57
301
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 1
824
$ 2
851


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
250
000
000
250
000
000


Common stock
 shares
 issued
57
301
000
57
301
000


Common stock
 shares
 outstanding
57
301
000
57
301
000




        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net

        

      






Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net [Abstract]
        


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net
        


PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET













March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014

Property
 plant and equipment
 cost:









1
447








5
753



5
744




80
013



86
769




65
790



88
007




11
146



11
507




2
577



3
452




1
140



1
103




167
866



196
582






















17
790



17
986




44
193



48
942




9
599



6
400




1
834



2
491













75
172



77
269




94
391



26
520

Property
 plant and equipment
 net


187
085



145
833





 2015 and 2014.

 million
 million for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



















        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 85
171
$ 90
915
$ 79
050
$ 64
793


        
27
012
22
028
        
        


        
382
870
285
256
        
        


        
2
139
2
355
        
        


        
2
449
1
479
        
        


        
664
885
550
683
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
130
426
91
505
        
        


        
46
790
45
980
        
        


        
386
826
310
266
        
        


        
144
627
160
533
        
        


        
7
241
6
483
        
        


        
550
316
489
427
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized; 57
301 and 57
301 issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
        
        
        
        


        
135
440
135
440
        
        


        
(35
046)
(104
579)
        
        


        
11
526
30
529
        
        


        
114
569
61
256
29
207
97
092


        
664
885
550
683
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
4
056
        
1
077
        


        
4
056
        
        
        


        
50
140
57
457
        
        


        
57
382
6
038
        
        


        
1
733
1
144
        
        


        
113
311
65
358
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
3
877
        
        


        
1
260
        
        
        


        
1
385
3
962
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized; 57
301 and 57
301 issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
        
        
        
        


        
135
440
135
440
        
        


        
(35
046)
(104
579)
        
        


        
11
526
30
529
        
        


        
111
926
61
396
        
        


        
$ 113
311
$ 65
358
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due after one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      


 2015

          



 2015

          



 2015



          



 2014



          



 2013



          



        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Reserve fund requirement
 percentage of after-tax income to be set aside
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 additional paid-in capital and statutory reserve of subsidiaries
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 additional paid-in capital and statutory reserve of subsidiaries
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 percentage of after-tax income to be set aside
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2015
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

 Inc.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
57
300
713
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Land Use Rights
 Net

        

      






Land Use Rights
 Net [Abstract]
        


Land Use Rights
 Net
        


LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET















March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014

Land use rights
 cost


9
896



12
376




1
239



1
419

Land use rights
 net


8
657



10
957


217


239

 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net [Text Block]
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Income Taxes (Deferred Tax Assets By Type Of Temporary Difference
 Credits
 And Change In Valuation Allowance) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 1
920
$ 1
099


        
        
        


        
        
7
469


        
3
860
1
760


        
        
1
004


        
4
523
8
805


        
1
981
1
515


        
13
237
21
680


        
        
(21
680)


        
12
267
        


        
6
118
15
279


        
        
        


        
1
835
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
8
376
16
924


        
(8
078)
(16
924)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Acquisition Of Assets Under Fair Value
 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Acquisition Of Assets Under Fair Value
 Noncurrent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Noncurrent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Other
 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Other
 Noncurrent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Accrued Liabilities
 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Provision for Loan Losses
 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Provision for Loan Losses
 Noncurrent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Returns and Allowances
 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






 2014

          



 2013

          



Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
$ (7
011)
        
$ (3
141)


Beijing Shengyuan Huiliduo Food Technology Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 413
941
$ 370
534
$ 265
770


        
224
387
217
027
171
211


        
189
554
153
507
94
559


        
57
797
53
710
51
005


        
40
027
32
912
35
176


        
27
994
25
506
30
220


        
5
845
1
040
        


        
15
294
        
3
625


        
        
        
4
217


        
73
740
41
630
(14
000)


        
16
033
16
162
15
018


        
7
608
4
658
2
326


Other income (expense)
 net
2
267
        
        


        
67
582
30
478
(27
035)


        
(4
449)
        
37
186


        
72
031
30
348
(64
221)


        
2
498
        
        


        
$ 69
533
$ 30
929
$ (63
888)


        
57
301
57
301
57
301


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





 within the fair value hierarchy
 the Company's assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of March 31
 2015 and 2014. The Company did not have any items recorded at fair value on a recurring basis subsequent to initial recognition as of March 31
 2015 and 2014. All these items related to the nutritional food segment.







































March 31
 2015:




Property
 Plant and Equipment







































4
726









































1
119






















March 31
 2014:




Property
 Plant and Equipment























3
605











3
605



1
040



 there was an other-than-temporary impairment of $4.7 million charged against the prepared food equipment assets of Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. (Huiliduo)
 million in fiscal year 2014 was related to the prepared food equipment assets. The Company has categorized these impairments as a level 3 fair value measurement. See Note 14
 Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets for further details.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        











 it is expected that assets will be realized and liabilities will be satisfied in the normal course of business.








 Inc. and its subsidiaries
 its consolidated variable interest entity
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. (the variable interest entity
 or VIE)
 in which it has a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is typically determined when a company holds a majority of the voting equity interest in an entity. US GAAP provides guidance on the identification and financial reporting for entities over which control is achieved through means other than voting interests
 which requires certain VIEs to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties.&nbsp;&nbsp;Through the contractual arrangements between the Company and the VIE
 the Company controls the operating activities and holds all the beneficial interests of the VIE and has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company has concluded that such contractual arrangements are legally enforceable. The operations associated with the consolidated VIE are insignificant and the consolidated VIE holds de minimis assets and liabilities.














 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates.&nbsp;&nbsp;Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company's consolidated financial statements include allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory valuation
 accrued consumer loyalty program obligations
 the useful lives of and impairment for property and equipment
 impairment of indefinite lived intangible assets
 and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.








 and which have original maturities of three months or less when purchased.








 bank acceptance bills and short-term and long-term borrowings.








 and provides a specific allowance for those deemed to have high risk of collectability. The Company also records provision for other customers without specific risks by reviewing the aging of the receivables.












Property
 plant and equipment
 net


 plant and equipment are carried at cost. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized.


 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition.


 when applicable
 the life of the lease
 whichever is shorter. The useful lives for property
 plant and equipment are as follows:




















 a capital lease is recorded at present value of minimum lease payments or the fair value of the asset
 whichever is less. Assets under capital leases are amortized on a basis consistent with that of similar fixed assets or the lease term
 whichever is shorter. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.








 plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use.


 plant
 and equipment is capitalized as part of the cost of such assets. The Company capitalizes interest to the extent that expenditures to construct an asset have occurred and interest costs have been incurred. Interest expense capitalized for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 million
 nil and nil
 respectively.








 the Company measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets
 the Company would recognize an impairment loss based on the fair value of the assets.


 plant and equipment of $4.7 million
 for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. See Note 14
 Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets for further details.











 an impairment loss is recognized equal in amount to that excess.


 2015
 million impairment loss was recorded for intangible assets. In fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 intangible assets were impaired. See Note 14
 Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets for further details.








 or the expected timing of their use when they do not relate to a specific asset or liability.










 Inc. and Synutra Illinois are United States Dollar (US Dollar).


 and the financial records of the Company's Netherland and French subsidiaries are maintained in Euro (EUR)
 which are their functional currencies. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date
 equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates and revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).

 million
 million for the year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively and are recorded in other income (expense)
 net.












 price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Most of the Company's nutritional food sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor arrangement
 evidenced by purchase order
 revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors. For sales of My Angel series powdered formula products
 which is directly sold to baby stores
 the revenue recognition is similar to that of distributor sales
 and the revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the baby stores. For sales of the powdered formula products directly through certain supermarket retailers
 who have a right of return clause
 the revenue is recognized until the supermarkets have paid the Company. For sales to a limited number of distributors from whom collectability is not reasonably assured
 revenue is recognized when the Company received payments.


 primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers
 which are reported as a reduction of revenue.The Company provides discounts or rebates to customers in the following ways:









The Company offers rebates to a few distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives. These sale rebates are typically determined based on a percentage of sales after attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products by the distributors and supermarket retailers. The Company recognized a liability for the sales rebates at the time at which the related revenue is recognized by the Company
 based on the specific terms in each agreement and the expected sales of each distributor or supermarket retailer.



 the program operator
 to conduct its promotional activities. In connection with a current revenue transaction of specific products
 the Company offers to the customer award points which can be exchanged for free products that will be delivered by the program operator
 at a future date at the customer's request. The value of the award is insignificant in relation to the value of the transactions necessary to earn the awards under other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets
 million
 million as of March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013. The Company records a liability for the estimated cost of the award products. The related cost is recorded under Advertising and promotion expenses in the consolidated statement of operations
 million
 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&nbsp;











 million
 million for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.







 million
 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. We reclassified the fiscal year 2013 figure from selling and distribution expenses to advertising and promotion expenses to ensure comparability.








 and expects to continue to utilize
 these subsidies to fund general operating expenses. The Company records unrestricted cash government subsidies as government subsidies in the consolidated statements of operations. Unrestricted cash government subsidies received for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 million
 million
 respectively. Government grants related to assets are recorded as deferred government subsidies and are recognized as an offset to depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the associated asset. The Group received government grants related to assets of 
 million
 million during the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. During the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014
 the Company received $








 retirement benefit and unemployment schemes at the statutory rates in force during the period
 based on gross salary payments. The cost of these payments is charged to the consolidated statements of operations in the same period as the related salary cost.
















 including currency translation adjustment.








 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 due from related parties
 receivable from disposal of subsidiaries
 prepayments
 tax receivables and others and other assets. All of the Company's cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are held with financial institutions that the Company believes to be high credit quality.








 Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd. and Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.
 not directly or indirectly attributable to the Company. The noncontrolling interest reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements
 it also reported the consolidated net income at amounts that include the amounts attributable to both the parent and the noncontrolling interest on the face of the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).












 the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value measurement guidance provides a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement as follows:




 quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset (i.e.
 interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).


 including their own data.








 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 other assets
 accounts payable
 short-term debt
 long-term debt due within one year
 other current liabilities and due to and from related parties
 approximates their fair value at March 31
 2015 due to the relatively short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of long-term debt
 capital lease obligations and other long-term liabilities approximates its fair value as their interest rates are at the same level of the current market yield for comparable loans.








 the FASB issued a new pronouncement which amends to change the criteria for reporting discontinued operations while enhancing disclosures in this area. It also addresses sources of confusion and inconsistent application related to financial reporting of discontinued operations guidance in U.S. GAAP. Under the new guidance
 only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations should be presented as discontinued operations. Those strategic shifts should have a major effect on the organization's operations and financial results. Examples include a disposal of a major geographic area
 a major line of business
 or a major equity method investment. In addition
 the new guidance requires expanded disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement users with more information about the assets
 liabilities
 income
 and expenses of discontinued operations. The new guidance also requires disclosure of the pre-tax income attributable to a disposal of a significant part of an organization that does not qualify for discontinued operations reporting. This disclosure will provide users with information about the ongoing trends in a reporting organization's results from continuing operations. The amendments in the ASU are effective in the first quarter of 2015 for public organizations with calendar year ends. Early adoption is permitted. The company has decided to early adopted this guidance in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015


 the FASB issued a new pronouncement which affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). This ASU will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35
 Revenue Recognition&#8212;Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. In addition
 the existing requirements for the recognition of a gain or loss on the transfer of nonfinancial assets that are not in a contract with a customer (e.g.
 assets within the scope of Topic 360
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 and intangible assets within the scope of Topic 350
 Intangibles&#8212;Goodwill and Other) are amended to be consistent with the guidance on recognition and measurement (including the constraint on revenue) in this ASU.


 an entity should apply the following steps:




























 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The FASB has tentatively decided to (1) defer for one year the effective date for both public and nonpublic entities and (2) permit entities to early adopt the standard as of the original effective date.








For completed contracts
 an entity need not restate contracts that begin and end within the same annual reporting period.




For completed contracts that have variable consideration
 an entity may use the transaction price at the date the contract was completed rather than estimating variable consideration amounts in the comparative reporting periods.




For all reporting periods presented before the date of initial application
 an entity need not disclose the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations and an explanation of when the entity expects to recognize that amount as revenue.





















        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






 slow market development and expected higher promotion expenditures to achieve meaningful sales. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 million
 million on the Huiliduo brand. Based on the nature of the assets being assessed
 the fair value for buildings and land use rights
was estimated using the direct comparison method under the market approach. The direct comparison method is a set of procedures in which a value indication is derived by comparing the real estate being appraised to similar real estate that have been sold recently. Then applying appropriate units of comparison and making adjustments to the sale prices of the comparable based on the elements of comparison such as differences in location
 size
 decoration and year of completion
 etc. to derive at the fair value of the real estate. In determining the fair value for the equipment
 the Company adopted a probability weighted average method to determine the fair value
 million
 which was close to the equipment's salvage value. The prepared food assets group was reported under nutritional food segment.



 2015
% of Powdered Formula sales in fiscal 2014 and 2015
 respectively.


 impairment charges were recognized during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013.




        
          

        
          
            

 amount of the impairment loss and where the loss is located in the income statement
 method(s) for determining fair value
 and the segment in which the impaired asset is reported.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Intangible Assets
 Net

        

      






Intangible Assets
 Net [Abstract]
        


Intangible Assets
 Net
        


INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET













March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014













2
588



4
270



98

 which are used for the Company's nutritional food products.


 million for registered trademark of Dutch Cow




 which are used for the Company's nutritional food products.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 24
092
$ 17
264
$ 10
237
$ 17
940
$ 10
094
$ 9
987
$ 6
073
$ 4
775
$ 69
533
$ 30
929
$ (63
888)


        
57
301
000
57
301
000
57
301
000
57
301
000
57
301
000
57
301
000
57
301
000
57
301
000
57
301
000
57
301
000
57
301
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
400
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        








 directly or indirectly
 to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities.




















Engages in buying and selling packaging materials
 vitamin and mineral pre-mixes
 and other food ingredients.





Produces and distributes retail-packaged yogurt products in Beijing. Kelqin was sold to a third party in April 2013
 and was no longer considered a related party from that date.





 Ltd.











 Ltd.








Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd. (Honnete Beijing)





Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (Lvyin)





Beijing Dongan Hengxin Property Development Co.
 Ltd. (Dongan Hengxin)





Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd. (Ao Naier)











Due from related parties
 including current and non-current portion













March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014




1
025



1
918

Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.











3
732



3
451

Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.








Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.











4
768



5
464




















March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014










Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.








Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.















1
556














 the Company's sales to related parties mainly included feed grade milk powder and whey powder to Ao Naier
 and powdered formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and services for related parties including office spaces rented to Honnete Beijing
 Ao Naier
 St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and St. Angel Cultural Communication. In fiscal year 2013
 the Company's sales to related parties mainly included whey protein powder to Honnete Beijing
 feed grade milk powder to Ao Naier
 and powdered formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and services for related parties represent office spaces rented to Honnete Beijing
 Ao Naier and St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service.

















Year Ended March 31








Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.













St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
















Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.













Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.




































 St. Angel Cultural Communication provided certain marketing services for the Company. In fiscal year 2013
 the Company purchased the raw material from Honnete Beijing as well.
















Year Ended March 31












Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.










4
674

Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co.
 Ltd.*












Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.























5
262







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Prepayments
 Tax Receivables And Others (Schedule Of Prepayments
 Tax Receivables And Others) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Prepayments
 Tax Receivables And Others [Abstract]
        
        


        
$ 8
544
$ 9
287


        
5
056
6
821


        
4
086
2
193


        
3
586
2
898


        
5
740
        


        
$ 27
012
$ 22
028




        
          

        
          
            

 state and local tax authorities) representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes. Also called income tax refund receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






 the Company sold its wholly owned subsidiary in the powdered formula segment
 Zhangjiakou Chahaer Dairy Co.
 Ltd. (Zhangjiakou) to Rightcom Co.
 installments. As of June 30
 2014
 the Company has completed all of the closing procedures with the exception of the re-registration of land use right certificates and has effectively transferred its control on Zhangjiakou to the Purchaser. The Company considers the re-registration of land use right certificate with the relevant government bureaus to be administrative in nature. As the result of the sale
 million after tax)
 million in May and July 2014 respectively. Along with the completion of the re-registration of land use right certificates
 the Company collected the remaining 


 the Company used Zhangjiakou to process high oil whey power to use in its production of powered formula products. Concurrently with the disposal
 the Company has entered into agreements with Zhangjiakou

000


 the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with Beijing Jinkangpu Food Technology Co.
 Ltd. (Jinkangpu) to dispose its wholly owned subsidiary in the food segment
 Beijing Huiliduo Food Technology Co.
 installments. As of September 30
 2014
 the Company has completed all of the closing procedures and has effectively transferred its control on Beijing Huiliduo to Jinkangpu. As the result of the sale
 million in gain
% payment in fiscal year 2015
 with the remaining 




        
          

        
          
            

 systems integration and conversion costs
 and severance and other employee-related costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





 2015 and 2014 are summarized as follows:













March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014




50
578



44
981




17
905



12
342




19
271



26
663




87
754



83
986


 million as of March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 which mainly represented the purchase of milk powder and whey protein from international sources.


 $6.5 million and $12.5 million for the years ended March 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Prepayments
 Tax Receivables And Others

        

      






Prepayments
 Tax Receivables And Others [Abstract]
        


Prepayments
 Tax Receivables And Others
        


PREPAYMENTS
 TAX RECEIVABLES AND OTHERS













March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014




8
544



9
287




5
056



6
821




4
086



2
193




3
586



2
898




5
740








27
012



22
028








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Land Use Rights
 Net (Schedule Of Land Use Rights) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Land Use Rights
 Net [Abstract]
        
        


Land Use Rights
 Cost
$ 9
896
$ 12
376


        
1
239
1
419


        
$ 8
657
$ 10
957




        
          

        
          
            

 Accumulated Amortization
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Cost
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 82
800
000
        
        


        
2
100
000
2
000
000
3
200
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
494
000
        
        


Milk Powder
 Whey Protein
 Imported Dutch Cow Brand Product And Imported Super Brand Product [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
$ 30
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Purchase obligation of product per year
 volume of product
288
000
000
        
        


Purchase obligation
 duration of time
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Purchase obligation of product per year
 mass of product
24
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


Purchase obligation
 duration of time
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Purchase obligation of product per year
 mass of product
6
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


Purchase obligation
 duration of time
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 duration of time
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 mass of product
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 volume of product
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
 and short-term purchase commitments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Intangible Assets
 Net (Schedule Of Intangible Assets) (Details) (Registered Trademark [Member]
 USD $)












          

        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 2
588
000
$ 4
270
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Land Use Rights
 Net (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)

        

      














Land use right
 amortization expense
$ 217
000
$ 258
000
$ 239
000


        
        
        
        


Land use right
 lease term
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Land use right
 lease term
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Lease Term
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 110
171
$ 115
331
$ 102
464
$ 85
975
$ 98
739
$ 101
034
$ 88
556
$ 82
205
$ 413
941
$ 370
534
$ 265
770


        
54
174
52
717
43
900
38
763
38
234
40
303
38
889
36
081
189
554
153
507
94
559


        
$ 24
092
$ 17
264
$ 10
237
$ 17
940
$ 10
094
$ 9
987
$ 6
073
$ 4
775
$ 69
533
$ 30
929
$ (63
888)


        
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment Estimated Useful Lives
        














        
          

        
          
            

 Plant and Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives [Table Text Block]
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0000950103-15-004782-xbrl.zip

#$U
#
S
2YX

+0GU
M=$\%+&2M]7U::^FV]/5?[Q.K\@JIC0C^=E`_K!U4(#:(B?#HVX%K5X%M('3P

8K@3B)V*02%PH%EY0\ZXTH;4X5]VL7%8Z9$W2-F3




C[^F\**O(1/.R

M[)GK+)2V9]AU*#@TR


M*D=^19SI!#OPW:D



K.(1
:/
1
MO+=L&SKV'9P\0^J+S5K%NCAR9L$G]AF9_)LA@K3BJ0

!U#GBMFV7SB0U1K[M\[JF'\[

M79*


M:2)NQX#5`\CLXC:8(@=82N&Z449E@34
=^):_+B0YW-X
0K'7(6OL
N(/H%J



MLG=C``V70I
_DX
)27H(ENI7%;$-ZDPT7*?+B'XKRI1EJ2(MS3KH'9KQO4U[


M[-=R

$ARA'N#C/'#C9N%5
`M+1_5
B%ZNH4C8%U[

M0H%G;1









%6[8-'?MR=@?^)+1M

Q=?49@]^YH@[)Y`


MUL)FV*^\^SLDF3+*3I$M`BM(E9SNFM0I

5?#`T.0G:


0]XV[V76C22S
1KK!&.+1S`4X-@6J^N:H%#)K

FB3*_6N39[V%\?S
;3`Y87#X:`Z0R9=((K2F31)E+
MB/[T=!;TM1L731.IB0&D+XB`ZI,H.PJ4)!.;L5].A2CRZW4U:H#39Z=*E'
ME_*0.&&;@+:[VNYNIZQ0.UNTW=5V5QX2E[C/3`@!JS-UN!PB\[A$(#R)*'



$*%%[@%#I`.A.7#<X7`/;
$&

CATHBA@H[NA21QTHRA`H@*^#A3%!3%HH,.%$L+%,4B@@X4PH4


M%O&&LV@[^'3!6BY+++


4@U2'4Z)`FC3Q?TOPB*_Q
M]5QJC($-^5%!Y/A;R]KL-2-9P]#'GR$)<QH&;9EOD+J(!OA4?A4DJVU'Q0[

2U@!R$W*;WV+K[


(`UR



MWA3*@QU&TR1`ZQ;&SX


BY&_IT=^W;I_$=TH0FVA6#?H?47PK(=7OPHA=9+JTFRA20W!&/H

JG;9V8V*Z
15(HMU8B6Y
J`SOVHVIY\:$





MPT

O)6;-6.ZLOMF7#RU8:

MN_S.GOO
G)S7^3_S%L;J77]N'(V0S<F#G
M'DRRL7DPP\R_@DJ7_81BX

MI9J67_0[M*SOF+SA`7
6!$.S:]LNBTH__L*$&OT7^Y=A&P9UH=F'SPQT?A.]





D;AJP@/?@]]?K#
M64-G*)W_




MMQ


-
MH8.PV;YPHL3K\/5B%U&RF$N(:'8*A@I_&F,%_0J9(Q7](HFZ/227I@-U8N


MJZ^@Q/S68/R;8?DT1`KEPFEH[55!9J9@QURD`'B4SL6]$]BFG
.AMM0\G
RI

BT;[=K




6:\0*RIF\$H0I\QT!(U0#12MX2

`
&/@6L=B`3F%60*&##8E.H/5`
MT\06:3Z6KREXA/;6B=)FUH(H$\=JG=0SOT+


M[1PP[]H/OOTD5K3)5K4_-@=?KNXWQI[.%])^MZ!\@6^3]L#:8H+S



+)G0J$D^^Z]]?DZ_
79X7<W[S(<+(

PI
MIA/:F('+WK\BX51N?=IMP=LC%&2ZZ&S#8NPN@'QME$VJRHN(^0)Q%R
WQO

ZT&
@;42#
G$?R+/3&0(HB^+.H





'X4SMM?(_J#8MC)ZW0

M

M19C
X-F#]2!@36TIM=KB@4LY%G3VRN/)Z/9P;M=?6-;B/[:I-Q8-^U2(@H


MUG&5B;


M'_'HG!XZ6ZN7!E45ER$1T#\


CN#QN.X
MEE$V;P7TLU93XFXF5!7V@M!`Q[DT?+L/&BSIN_?3;&V/:-Z[$1HCZ_BHMA
D8`?8K9.M<YBD_CF/A&N=5FD'8I<^LY#=`((.NB\!9#TM`8W9*+1
M*O%0-*[Y?:Q,,3NZZ1_G*:JYQE5F72?V#&[_&HVL6@1C9C0N9'1'S*;\LDV



M^;P_-%SZT(/!$9[V=#OV




MQ\:O.8[8-9_\
:23FQ^B2




M:5:.7YUV8E(J.Q4S%BTY$#ZD20E-BI9L4HJ5VA&9E&(%4WF3XE+^1F]]VWS
MTQXNRNY$N8
N@./\A?C1UCJQ[FDS]3KNLS

XZP/3

M


FH;2:I92Z4HJS&$JC*XTFJEO`]E+:;0X1$4F
MI
0ZA

M

ASL3U:&%QKL8I)X`*Z



M

NU#J=2C(LAW3;+;NJJ!V]$AR7
M%D@-W?%]FZI;CO=Q',NV8;^S89MCB*(TUJ*WE0/5&A2GRJG3[4#D==NG<35
M`/_N#/(\&R3M84/YDR0Q*EY-THHTN;I2TY

M6.NXDT=J%^)BRK*R1Z*G?+''@`E7ZLKJ:L6?$9)@1IY.0LE!)*SD1?JK^X7Z
M_TD-3FY`64TR.R':?#A4





M%1OY$ZPKM0XC6$3_K592]1994RHM'W.TRX=P7?M(+GV7V=1UR3/E;ZQ/4ZUM

M]P:CG-Q2:I)GSQ\


M3]8XW6N%Q:1`?4G%*'5%TS)/E&J4[Y0J5`T5TI2ZEG3L*U6H6I*IH`K5%?W@
YJ3P`
MEK\^5X7E&`7;Y3#K6_(<1V:$Z1=X^V'PQY!.'IUW:''=&Q'I^/G^UN8D
WY






BI?AN\E.3PNAU

MR-H_LS


SQZZW.;N4


U^F(!&RD*%(A2_V
M:'_]TPV`%E1$BF1$F5C[Y+($@DT&HU^0[^P8)X^`03=/3@Z<?)RW]HN-8<G
^BZ5O51Y(4?L.\*L:T<JC?LYVUN==GM)`&5/LS<LY:/W8+#G



$;]FU09=?K9A\M[UNU7H/AN3
M*;/GOVPFP'3=L?\57NYZL)5!4.(VC$L;19=*FNT1\S$'+4WP[CVM#.%5ZP
M0M6P


:38&B2KGG4G]%1`!JN/6]H_Z#P!9^3C1F\O#PDO@-?/(6`^#'L!R`9YI<;
M9'VV#!
[U'@`FJW[B0\!1]PV!&J1YX


MDGGHV1



V$=IP]0+FA&[H:\C&$;Q




15=FDCGBP*.*4R2







CZO#Q(!B8


Y23L
MRB$LR&&Z9K=E]`X



&:!3
M5;2D'+%?@TYON3A%:;-72;YF



MR953C*CG-+2O




Y^NP$3ZE`SASE8F'N:8F4$T'JKE
]^_OU
MU;L/^B*%D&%Z'VH)J#-XKJ@M%AR-$9#.]_R!&H/P7R&_!3THC@]#5-*
$E0





#M
M]56XMJ.*0*K\ME+K:B2M%X5WA$L$*'6-RPNM.$0$KSR$1F#&-5?V?=BVRZ_8









15MH+2*.G'*


MKDHBAR$MS*FX0*9^LL
7BG+&IUV

M(QIWQ.*QMRMHX1AE8\SGH3]&E%I^C-P[-\`L#5#:9


M1`M@?@$698=)]9!%V:C



.U(D

.R)Y6%Z1Z&V6RS+0Y-J`A8Z
MCV'^1-D?HKT


GPF*Q)`FN!F:#$1)5Y?PEF$@

M[ZBLAK_T

93N73

F+=X-G8I+[F)




MF

+O.DX
M$N9'5/P.

+XP4146?G
MH%HL#V1C1!#B5TP^,RXLY(+D4D0L@!!8M9M`I;
*45707$_5R&#,?])Q
T%T/#3VKNZ1C]]90*:A<V-*P<X!(X!
M_]4QN@Q;CK%G:L^5?:#L`V4?E*B;_ZT&]L%UJB@G+X`BRG$*/JG
!&4FU(=[




WW9U(Y*$*5'U[/L:AE9):.)P$3AQ26C


M/EYC'F^X4C





MR.=-8

ALGJ1IH


`BX97#IVIBM_?[=UP?Y^=T'
MI6(J&J^2QA/VN&A#(BTKJ7O^[&MW]Q<\LY!9C,1=07CQ=*$@@NIY3QTPJH8,
M2/?^R\=W'_0XP3''^&!M3\(B[J4?\(3-=DVXU7HN3#;U==[G&W1OUS8=*LG

MR;Z0KAJQ_@BC=N^BA`




U%JY!N.:/_Y
MD4TIZI



M!.8L'PE]#9113$_RH%

'L(&.#.3QXF92Q8LA\._\!*

MCVY&D@Y_(IK*1[7OY`%J)
6B##CT$U/Q1K@!BQ-)X6;'[GM1(]]`J^D+EJ
M5:A:%1[73#/

MF1J)5$+L.^+@C9\?
2S\?J'OH7-A/D-J`)5P)=V&-^`\7$,C`/!,L1TQS#

%+E/!)CQ
M



M*Z^RJF.L`R_:.O!:#O80X7*NK3Q'EU$=]
!.AP(;'
Z=
E4:5P6_)D:X3G

S(S$H
M*A(.$1@_HPCX



5HD_/ESR2YL8A/.+:XH^U$:

#;7*F`
M


R6SXL?F6PN?OJ:_%

MJ_+$+^JW[R0Z_AV




M2W!;T'

MB=A)5+`QD.H

JQ

)33Q
D?-E)6+D`IH/


8Z_2%CNF)O

NY8]*$;



M6DOFW
\/TC%1.14?P(@;$;T$'Q*V.0]52
















^=;RD<]2&1,=8`0%3VDP<2UQZ2.55YYYDA!O/Z?5;3)T
MPR`ZE464<):A@@NM.R%*+5R+._-EDJL$.]7=;CNL7!#9:3G
P%&Q&-7%C&A


MDN*^:UF^&3\AN_8.X4PW:1
#=T6+\BT3#B/0*=+5MZ(!


^;VBBC.:Z-'#BA^


?M_-1#U]Q0#%.RYR-2V(N:%QQA.G`.?1U2)



MDNUG?SEV

R`1OC6Z?$/O(@K/#B$
X6%JD?`&-G&'N4AP2G`[W7=ZAY-TGZK?\6R=%@(KE@O3H6N<YQ6-
M17_@=7B
Y00:YDA&:/
+QX7TX1%-0`F`0F]^AM7`
M40S$W4!!)<X




MA3#0T1-#^;U]T`X




:-GX+:@YR=Z/8A&(3



7JLK1?.IXE

T


=*Q5FASF.:[1G91(J[Y)B-XK=)!D)
M3[)Z)C`T$G$JNB_)CU3?UU3FZ97VU%;O!%R#'Q$U/#L'%Q*F!KF

M9H_;`





M?:)(*1;Y4


BF`5RKMRRJ8%-F-@X_D)*8:/B48W

MYP@PU)(4F/KCO_\S]


RCW_\

MYTLUF#RZ$EKO6K'M&M2*O;Q^N+M]./^LW7[2'KY^?+B^O#Z_O[YZV`[9'NJB

M+Q9%]PIB*;2)YM

M//7N`_IH[MG3)!BYT^13.-&[N]`#2PLP!\_QX'=X&@ND\_+TZ4MQT'Y_RCK4
MWO?;QBIHZ?!V;9EF1ZLR8J-,IF3IJ6L@8*)1VEZ)SS3FQ;UGD_YVHXQV^K


C



MY_R?T!:5.9&^XPM%('KL`9&X5Q3L9&?VL-Q`U[:%'UZ

MIKR_O530S%E!








M/C:[94'G?PK14_H%Y.DTG-X)
Z-'D.X'^B)<S1X-],?MNP+^XQP-=
MSKT#X(^@S5)QQ[$7/^GTC?4L+\?L14&_EJV0KV73HVLG^F6_=1C-=E&^N!Z4
MHHN2X4Y_1Z/O=GQ#@Z7?JU,N=H-GP_J6],3S*:8`B`Y]5Z+EXD:CQTP:/:V-
M:VN^^W5@KE_8=DJ6T4KN8K-2@VLPNAM.$''7
92=-O69?0.LXSHW)5/3_!
M[B4L05$-^
4(J=/IU`O\8@34

M!IYJ;I?7[=Y@66+GF+-D

FHZCH
M+=M]!U_4YC/*@1PT.\L[?!@EHY[H[G/P^^JNWV]Z`Y

M%Y7#*=


M]-IY])










9
MD0(A#X@O%/*U@[6::[-O843X_#U*WA)Z_2*9*]%&0Z9OX4Y(E;ZA834=CZ]+


SSQZ!GLU

TY
PB$VF3JU
.EL5Y=$RTBQ#I84J

ME2A5HG1/
58#42J36N&
VU3YOY08K2WG?$P)3#=-MGXDYV2C($M2
]I]+^Y2
M83(A\8R6L)FYM&NU(@
Z604M*GX$^#P;80ZY;7

/.+3)Z#N,\-JO



MGGI&OP+$'(QO'HN:JD:HJ8WQ9`&BH1.C(1JS)#R:P6*FFI36L94JU

M@SOK@KCB4YV-[\



+UMF\;HU=]1[X%TKB2K&LUD68CKFT_O?FTV
MFLVFD89VRXQE@KB2YUHQB/Q7_SP,)J['X\$+8&\%,%YF;JFV/JIRH!I!5W5
MPG3M^^'N.




+
M-70H)WO^@S^:P!-QSB@H8T'(Y_-XGV_&


^M^3R%$1Z9\.=^/RO!4_JJ;-`U_=
MN!-3U-C0)]



L-++_TE
ME\+%LAK.D

D.GUS2#S*CS(;



M
MMI9



G&`OAH*J=4`I#$HPUD'C=AFWE@?'M
N)A&ZWJV\=22


R\'G^\)!2F/+B<0^6WUUA9@.6&JS]L`7)[)3JLMZ
MP4

MG;1:??-T
'


MZD$[O[G4KO[WZ_5C(C#_39C/ZM7:\-5JR3X*O?K
R)#9#+.TCQ-_I5X];0H_
%ES^+PWS
M4N`I++,A/S+?#ZDEBKN'`?:FX3UD2+N8R(O33^CHX`]4WM^.N?H@)&)IX.4

F

M



M^)NHR]4+T0F\2F`#=R8A/4YG3M6.LR+U9Q.K50TY@U?=D+/J[XO[B/9W8)^$


.W
Z`L@6)VN.3186OA)$.1I4U7]7CVD8T]AM/X4^KH5/L$<WKTMNY^S<FC






3
MXXIX#L#B1RZ

Z1(U[XQ*<


%=E0TK5I2
MG9=T



J/-\L?7/`J0_8M:6C@K6I;F%;CN#GNF=LD2+^74]?2FL8F1


L
M'&=K1+[XJ-(G<R7T'V/KR`5'!M/FQ*?%
(48556!9[WOGXFBEY#2KO/$R

:MB!=45)8W4:I[B.[AC



V)P7)W%:8;O\:\1

M;WQ)!Y.+V3`MNG:^%R?H@X;R



M.S+'E()Z^_G?M_1^;Y

/;WUBJ+#

M4Y=EB\NRY!59EC?O#6U\6V]U-AF)ZN`HQE

?PBBA8$(5S&[P:YA_HGR%[

&O
S1PVAK=FVC5'XC!&YQMH
M_+HW





MS'3XU_#0M3-J).4711YO::&/GM8AY/1R`T='K$[`U8Y0EX*[P;U-PP$)W`

N!SVYD[






MCR9[FLP1OVZJ%!H]VS`[\/BZ2\\M7/9L3*;
GO^RF0#3]WD?&TOW=QN$464P

VYM)UD)\RHC(=
M@[KP#*(5N^Q=T_DWJ;F?X0?.J!F.0?U`@\%9`(K%1\K^0!/R84*=IWE('.WW

M56$!=QD2+JX]L#IPUJ0S5(S1T
ZW/*'!T0_F
^2GJ.Q0U
:8$UT\D?CV:^+:

YAWGF





M4I08/=+B1'K,',N%H/`8\,P$QLA:VZTB/M).5
@C$*3CR
#`7A*@=!X[XX
MU/

Z;5S

MXVM0X:
GK/



M);





F?9%Y3M/-5H]]O+Q)T#E$LZ#
X=2W8J^4R)3Q=N
MEOV\:ZUN;]#II$#:/%M)D&W'5=ML+N_;82!;'!.^%Z.Y..WR#Q`S_]P

MG_`

M-KNKYWCMG!EQCF5&+R[]J4+SWEAHGF'4(#;O\NKCHXK$4_?-];EO?DS=RUK`
MAT5T'//Q%E=&P(Q=VW9?`(A5K*H8\1Q(UA0U'KR6SRO-V%I(WW62]E2_3TB]

9

MZM#EK8QU?(YSS9&7:58H2HLP1P

MZ6Y3#PR]T^S48L$'T[8J6=*CBR6(D!OIFK@CVJ1B*7+=;6JSU]6;W7K0J]K3
MDO:TV0.Q8M9BQ=6J0FML_0-H2#HZ0

#B8[(AE&K\5*CQDY:X




K78KT'TP8/S=82
MW:M'Q)_`[[P+-Z\FO):Q=?OZH-M-<;;-G-#HZ<UF5['@X;X&EV]M3$F0#'$

KTMPQQ%P119L2ZHZ*;=-#6[?#Q``90[T5G-3.D.=


MP.+CVC)?KRHHI-G@E=]4T-(!4;:VWS=V^0YY`TCL&A?WS%N.:W+#P`^(@\Q.

MS36QU13VM=H$.`F6




_7'V_O&WPJOLO_
:D=/FT*$ZX2O:I5$%:Y6QV9F@08F;V.WNP4
M+IE8#YPI:JH;-75



MIM
A]3+J_R@R5YSAL*IA@4
OG-ZEG/A6K]$^]HF/ER;F*J1'$2=2&08[J5(#




MM]GSHF



$BB1@@3N3LY66
MH



Q4BMQ2HOB*Y+IEIS(53PMJ-;-SYD1(3W0#
MLDM:U6XI:F4E-N7.3.KWLS.3A(;=:NIM
P\.-D!1A]R@??DA4
*FAC:GQ89Z

M;7)OFR5_1%Y,,Z2-T=@[]CLHZC:BZR$'!K?H5!199SY5LUGA_CPG.D^Z
O

X8Y%BU]@X2V[N++:X
)?

D__OL_0__L

M80*2K_#!
-]I%ATQ($W`_%GKW:\=L]MK-IMI!*Q?VX'Q\!FV]*M/[U$P5(R(

M



J?JO)_[=N&1O!K-_ZS)7U]3KEK6]

PRS
O7KZ<XO?%W=RY+E5:Q_,XX_E!'<47%5E!8L3%8?-@R)PW^K0
ME=X=J=TI6`^ZTMTYV&U9)`1
L[4AY*/:+?@[L4.J`?UAW0/R0WO_[N_GC^\^



M+



_F]G*<_&/GNAA<3
B%@


Z/9?0L4RQVRVEXR+


M
G@G]YFH^S(?0`H\4?LBM`





MCVW=KQ((D%
&[DP.G@LC_
G=$%*DQ]:Z\HL`[89&
$WFB%^SFETM/]LP._#X
MCO7CSL9DRNSY+YL)





MGOR0IB%_H3`9_4&]$?

^0/1

MX;HPPMASIWP%8GM$[A!S-%PM+I:Y%KSAX%3QGR\3ZO!W(IP#^7V'C9QY;$01


M:P^_G]]?*?5!J0_EJ0_1Z=H=9Y^`Z\];^;Z5,AZ8H]6\3Y#[ER@4+(6I;*








)\6EZWY:/'$+9;@*NF\W4
MB1%JY6H\*^
EVQW*
[D!H\&$![#`_-IGE_8S#'S0?GF,:N:V6SV&QQ^9I&
MGCS*R[=J]




MM
$(/E%0[HB-RPBQSVKJX6H:?:TVL%Y%0*N]#0&%%E(+S

M








?#FGY8
M:A&K0_H5E

B&Y?4'WELA@R!+_10


MZSO(0!X5?8WR`$^C)@1C8K=2!&EGS[39VIKQIZUG?;9L5=]8!X`C:&-V&J

M:R%Z/0-M+DA7C[4=F8[ZF\YGW:JB%1BGM5*Q;+=Q3&-0UM;7#$.EC6.N#'0H
M#!U8BTK[5['2]B'$V!E8]W1&



M\/TJ4`A!3AFX
SEXG2HCK%/[`-HLU2Z:G#GBUZP4_.5G9?.JW4[OV9A
F3W_
M9?




MJ:=*'=6U=H0J=:1*'1W9I7A:&Z9*';VB#52ECDYL\U2IHP
%**E21ZK4D2IU
M5.$XJM11CH%4J:.MXZA21YO'4:6.MK





]JZ]NXZ

SV$P5IMA5\

G/B@5M8D':L7BU3.H\(*KVK:F,%5[
M3!WZ\%58GT[5J'QC-2K_7QUJ5&9J&=OARF\PJ1*5RF8JR\I,4OSI0+.1A0^

MJ(@]%X^0$:_Y.*3!Z4.(N,[#`1*/R*@5Z/.K8PNA+G1[-`SV]H_YC`&Z!-




M6XRJ1P!Q9S

8U]MPI+@94&L\=NAYWM0[G22D:@'GEN`O
M^2Z9%%\PHMB/7#`01-Y+Q]-#2:@^*.O#KRE1[YUO*1SU(9I4Z&ZIB@XD-

04::
B.?-
M41#(QBOC3(^(GY`8(^)/N-[(/Z`/!U[%9W0-U4T07:C.X8]ZU%3&EYX_(7R$
M*HB]7187\M&WT5_QBS


M?4%(SY.0.R0(/8[E2&['&!8B?G4[TLO4X8D9P[K



4(J5;G/O?;L



M

MN=

X!3`D




!N(N+(&]/UZ.(Y/
M@&;5*2_L3U[DJ,RHAPL5L:;RSX?*7Z^LQG#



TC[2A83E0%![
AYB)SQ'_'*$;CM`WWB
MMWF)2%;;OD7
YG3SG
'X_;K`_I$
YUB+

M=%W?7=K^UFCE]^]UFWZ@`@ORN;:/3ZC1+WMPE
MGW5UAZK=


+=VCVS6R)&


M13@!LG2]J!X5S8FI0^FZ\K*0LI\$E==DY2$K




M!2\@`8$]1;%`O'V43):3;/35.@N!=TY=(PSI=5A.P\BH;1[K04NDM!=PY-
MHV



IZ0I9J!2



RT!
$W.JP2+$BQU$BR?/$R]5C)%
QK`,K%JMH^Y@L]F+'*+8JR+!@QW:
MVZCADM%%$[[9$U[K&R(B)[4[ZLYLISWPL7:Z+X?E46ZN[]`MX?G\I(M8/;#
MQVEH/W%OC[@T!?ML/M9A[SJ29:32\B?Q
7K3W[ZZN'_'3NP\Z7@_BI:3K


NC

NS2PRQ^I=<F,+%^V6-7BAL33//J$<<H8):@$J^)J%6'L
M@=^HC9





C8ZU6*[FQ/;-3E3B.G?I5[X/BZP


$V]L9-
M*HTY`GMWI&RN0=:&G'D3#2WJHJ%%;30401^)H+FGW5SQM+_'=+X/;X/#+I'D



&'!A`<PR.`%7;
8!E%A2IX(

MG
2'0






^#!HE/7$1$^BZ:@Z9D2!
YL&X%;-+ZSL2E@1-.P
`[/
5!,DKM4&
M3S\_LBD<O1OZHMV[4^+\K&O\&\!76:AJ\&I7KP%9]28J5?)-E7S#H7@\T\<:
ME'Q;%`!&A4$6&7J/#:\_1'DB0)&V(+;`:7ZO=`3@^7@K+W
0U41[JU+['UU
MG$^\XH@#]B$:
!X%NR=`0V46@@GDH\`L3.#XHQU:
NI^$94_BL^-BIHO6_;M

MWZ9QJEW^3T67;#278?78T^0PP)J&WEJJNUF335*;77Y

K`-LRC`G9+VZ!#C

MRTE@M&


I,M!*8-F#5CK@%.V7)O`&S


?5`M8+Q\F[9FPH5;NG=P6!/S%1-ORI!9_
.FLVZ
MAWNK'=R`GEYGWP/X]O)EL4A_HJV)1H'-CP)%75G)(/DKFRCN4+_]Z^V;@*4*



M4BVR']V`V
F\YW1V?KP'


*


MRQI4`;S

M94U



M9R.GE


M?AWEA@::.Z.8!^D\B;Q([F

M

Z&85R;YO0Z!Z=(CQE'@3[Q.;

55UT')QVM?[S=Q]HFLC86MUIWT;3*BGTKP/[ZCO
MYZZ'\+HONU_-CG:
_5K6JPOR++P^A




L0









M=F??&)YJ8?RPA#^UA4NWY7V]U=XW_/CH6W@P?:Q6IM\E'0'30N55.(:L$)U%




MP!0.AJ6H
+@(R(B.B`]0P6_C$-_&U/4QR22Q;A6Z)&H@(P?P2\E7:RE)4V

O



^


M4;#K?-
`[890+=3Z$AD7&X


MTR==*




#O
:3K3;GA@AHTZ0-[S](;3XWF
M,JR'+#=[M-QM=


DZ5

M3V
^!$[CSIBJ/-LF6TPW9&C&22#F)'!JM%37T9+OC
PJ++H#:\RGM+7J5?7J




M@JAI(`[F84LI.+JBV[;MXGJH-TT]RP20V*

UKE21U3VU*?+H/=SRZ
MY^R5)$H4*4%7VZ0I13.'I9DW4[!544Q97:_Q7AJ-%.M_5*G)*^$;TY&?.PC



MZ!


D
44CYHW
M*<P+;`-DANYF
6#W'5DPQO`=RU@'


2
U@0)@`+/RN$

1^'CE&T

UQW68CA3#@
SA+)


M;BCJ'PXRK7LZ_NN[RU`PG&_M;\8W0(+Y[=']UOK6XG^TWL%)8.+!K_#!
-_!
DU[,*@2FG82FLY6:#K=_L[(
MN:<CRIYYPD@2HG/_V^VX`$+,=GL=!(L9]@-B.QYVG/]*I5^%%I=F43;ZAGK

S6A







VRIAY4L+$[M`U)8]@[C0/6U\E#A:26?;-L_;
MDF6XQGXLR9$S,/N];/M[JQ^E)].O[/.EY0'@D15F@N\M:773B3@X8%SSE#_





M!FIUO9)EG=EN][8=V\3494%9]/K.;&_CB!4`673G^Z:QG69S0\F=QC*X^W
B




M+_#HIZ_J!59

H[

].
9-5'WJMNGRLZ]L;)S1K



^\NX49R





MR3OVR6OG.7FMAK''R=/7#]SO[7[N-I[G5JM7;.#H+KVD\[RVOG6*Z_-=V0W
M-ATH[[+!?CV&4N%



KJGFL


M2!7UI'PBI35
^QD;BBUJRI!@V1V)S@7N'4$_@!].`7AN+A+L'8EMAOQ?%-I5


MZ&AU\U6S0&
$.?9\$:F.P=NPUED(8Q?+Q=&_Z[-W!<XM7RP
MEPF=8V!V0&&Y8\^=8C@\]1PB`[=]%UZF*@5#G<8#A!L`Y8Y0H%B:[;X`@0*]
MCEP_T%P/P?Q.`Z349^8#:?H\X2`*3ICCHS\-&KWH].C:3]U&)WT$#3/Q392N
M,*?$\S7JX*3ILZ;+@R:/7M]Y/+D
*R/5EL3UQ8Y#C`VW]\OMJ_;70DKS)ID


M^(
G0_J!#WQ%(Z
_0P8SXQ
8AU
MDX7/Y65OVYCI1N`(`.1Y0//H(I0\3.EHX1MD8YM3HCQ&E,%Z$W#NPV)P`
MR(:/'!PV\T=^BZ0A$4#SMS-H7)`2=L:0MC11OL/T=C2=LS*B54&N36NTV

;U7


H'Y7R4=7(1R5HDOLV./5S
-@!

4^:P:3B53\_('#4S7Y

!#)A




F



[F3`$

2^/FCE+G.D^&EV

3'Y9`0=?M[

E5(!ST+?TXB)0B54IH1BE;LL

/PU%30:)WK@+V/F@W#FL::)DGIK

M%F
1Z3

N1

M^1-*@^T5.[=F=TE@7`V:N:47_0-M
%%A)#[S1G^34V!EVS3`AS%%?J-%M&







M@*


D9L:^=&X#L\07U
MG2\`YF3/%DZ;H2T,S![KPLISG]S0VU?;&#?N6'8<QF/$X_2O=;1-OH#<[]U


8X=W)WV-I
M0^;PXH:(##M*GM

MH.#SE**9YUKZZ5K%@.8V3
F\'[Q


D'[NCT!<MYWU@OEB4;.:^6+PG9)0:),%@+Q7O3,FP(%P9<0*
M[4D6(+2X4J






9@(*.`-Y

MZ#J[+.;E?



%/836`R&XFN\^3B&0$^):/\
M2/)\I@E6TJ4HYC^*/:

?-\OF0/`R8!

MB!

M4

]KP9
:B.18C^#+XJ2%/BBY^O\)K`-+SRY
M+K`*.**`IV?&%8)UH^!!1L#C=^&$PU8MF+YLMQ(Z(.50/+@R(4N\3C@_@U,I
M3B+PPAGGPR+F%P0&L@&`Y3UM/#60^0,'Y$=W,01*0=Y@(?[J@^29R),XL_1#
MX!4^M80^Y=%GNR6MW(!UBW5&X.8I;VZ,Z`-76;'5V[EX_?+QX7TF?J^JAH
M6(!;WZ&7510#
*)2[PG#+!&M*.[




M32R?D&?`_XO&]WQ:CXYM+@:CLP(JGR?U;5=*2L[=!&QH+/G^3'E7]JW](?
MTMH6'`\EU`HPP






1%'M!0`PV
'
/H%+Q^)+$J6

MO4G.1NPL-^')!O2,080Q_P)K#&:0&8

QWB(67(!#_.BJ0+'`
M2EB@,KXSSIVYZB*)<W!&(?:?X&(ZRMF.3YQTK\]%XHWT_<6$;:7TB.QSVMN
MQXFC2J/$!$R10)R+?)\H$UOFW4LO9)3*RT^SS
NT9?R]E=Y3]O4=[X%OC@



BF`5RKMRRJ;%'Z&/^2XGI!@F6]VQV/\'VOL(*UL`R=)G
M8H?=XB_,'A4E(;)H+H1'1M9G%3/$


&'^#BNDM^-S7D:!?P^WBBS$FJWNUR

]6[`OXSG7;6_'%TF//!:)A$?*


M(9


N&*65-THS^MT=5_`9.9G_*41]^0MSV#2<WI$YYQ:7




MW5MF?X7AXE[`

D1]#J:/RZB2
\=

)K.V2(-S2X'3^2'Z7:@68K@R)*![EF:*F@&7K+?`MH+&@0&[VF

MZ


MM




#C^]8A^EL3*;
GO^R

T%]4'U5/]:R@95_UY7QSI=<?W5+]/G)IMS$V<ERS^)K$6



[RB[?D3EZE3ES
M&[I.Z&LS

^+S#V(O*17#T=F?;UO=DX'



G@J

DDXPO[.)@\6Z,,MK-EW6M/8D!J-K&&FP\\-1?P%

M

M*)QCK/_`];SX(


[
`%)@O7FU#




P#5UK%Z0-=BF@S

M^I(KWJ
SPBQYS1



O(K7'K72:\/?X]A2F=
MV['L;E&3J/W2UG

-%7




W66/VY7QSM=<?X5+]/

MG2H:8KT)S+6KZ*UX

MJ_?JVW:W7@+S+C9&IV0T80[UYJ=#C0=L=LITH;J^)@Y:3V^WJSF=N:40(V
MZLDY'K

MGO9


-H.N
MWNGG5@CKQWIKZY/Y3'W_%RV1MJ)9=.;1D:A+?)S`GKUMD].PINJYV%?HPCC&


1N]H_&M+

34FF






M#




9*#[_<RZH8(?%['^?QQ]\9

MZ!$/]&D:]UGA*+@#E8*`XHNKSK/@SKM?.[WF2N?1NJQX[8`?YX_S&4T=L?BW
V3H=^HL[L



[@$5I
M3W!B?)S




K'XQ'?-4#*H]&RLW![VCM9W=


?*]ZV^9ZY0



MN]
^\NZ4PD;J6.





TO]


=I42^H



M:HS4*
&4






_6ZR296^[P

M.Q





UT6%GZI+:
MB+^_6#QE*D'41LNHZ9%B:4=(1C=^V4/QA*D$36%YU-5!9]H34_H][:52=_VU
M?FD#^7+EV7]GR!8V)!0PH&.V$K

.26
M#[=71X)SS-%U89&NTTF:J)JHY;E5$U4351-5$U4351








.*'1`49Z`
M`GT!1Y?IRJF[`ORGJWSC


!=$


S.I#PJ[T!0Z&H$)@%M$&
&&E_H`O5)?


M
P*-%#(G4837O]NJ_Q%Q268TG*P


M$/YE+K7(S&4?IOP[AJ0R22
3.2/'P17;&%:='/=R+F(D08_4]:2=+\IS^C%;




M!P4N$Z67
Y=;.'.\J=0/+U[NN$9R/W0E[S

MPVW^


(S31
MFG/NFG/ID'O*F4L^




M=0

M)M

6OJM0KO(&#3Z#:U&J=-TU:[



T6*=







M$

-H-O9M^VH1*A=E2BA3:/=W+=_7(1BGAK

R6@\Z'X3M!Y?7907UV

6S@P=3


.GYL@L4*A_-:EK_!8(`404FG4
MVJ$R0K%[@&7IDV*ZQWIZGI*H(%?(2O5&;)3^V#7\VV$?=Q1JA2RAVFF_V+M
MY^FN^ND=FL;[ONI5]*GA3=05_S9)
G





MZ?F/:

M/_^#D'\N;YS1^11H);Z
[AQ[/&#N](K..(2=XP*]N49&=3$P)X:R
)']CH












M.$


C/.*
HHU@WPNI012S[#WJ^.`&:(64W!-Z1`F[B./YZ0

(M_#38#)6.[1&81AWUK;!)B?EPUGB3Q_82SHI4U
M@(9#B0FCK@T?_9EC$VJ:;.9AC0-/606!VL[Q\\+ZL&3UV``V#X!)`H)N/3S


^^:Z
?\`4S-I$+U`1PLCUNR=\C





V8+
M


1

?&`
M-RRI7G#-IPP6?K^,]SY


6(F!L;#EA6,-B1P59F(YDPI87[DWD:HDX*AW?26


?9+7L


M\Q?#)@A=



M/_






V@BC&U?RIK8JS+=T/9=3^ZB^!I9CN\ZPO7!




\9G2Q5
=^OE9Y



MM9(Y
BKS\
Y!AYTN0I!8C25&+^-5<U38M:NVMG'15^D/4T&^D`C]H$L


MPV2$V;N=HG=LJ3GZ?]7M5BXWVZTTNS
I4Z]+E&Q)U;[`'D[1&-4`D&Z@'/51

MF$UG(9[(.4VOK2M21]7K8C+FR#K@[-1`KP+FH*VN(#O@-%O./U3%Z+9`/4!3
M]H.Y

M7Y@CC!)S;RAT1.=]7M4(DU!C_`E:.B*42G9_5]O3%'

^Q%KUB)^^(FI!SMD^23
M'JAUX)H)7%-G

\(B


S0X3KRD`?B8'-
M:KU9R=IQ

_S,@V65M\<R;



(8Q=9:/D/V3?J.3E


MHQ(GZT*'
`

=317&GS'I6V

M2RIB)1E=3C(BI35
RP'=@:&][L42S4


MCW#(#!\$G0N%`?W;)9E#%C



M(TAJVMV!IHF--'L)0(
``1



4.#?22T'-18[B!Y(!N:T\JG55E1'Z*N+UJOI+NKXSQ--\-A




3



M^EBW
^Q[?0\.ED&-18[0'!'42([T(8H1]`S9:Z#4D\4(BIXYR/-T-SF5&)I:


M5SD/.D]1`:'44R@=5TD_?Q`7
\7%#9$3









0'0KNE[DM':S]/2`TM
MRQZX8]#`R@
&6#

M]FR/*VI.]%CJ`@BWMKK-%4^.


MGGC`$^UXXAIWC?=


X]C&J_
MAY5!IY3DBD*8
\4Y5NP`1?E/0]
V$:MM6O]=`;.S]\VTB/J*DVC]#`-`#XYO
M93:L@7WZL4_;@=EZ&:[_R+







P]_35($


7

_[S


M[`%3O6G/&V*)(E_W


M%





3MYQ%GI
P.SD+JF8/;^H




M])&XGHW;]E)(;CMT
TZW0%I+[&Q^\K1V3;DX=R0M?QSZ)')KCMU;C$%WL_



M$@LU!\-(87!#&_F=W#\0AJ


_V[NZ2D7^69

259=DTE.38_L82VI

IV/K;[?I


MO1^S@YT=PBOM.



MF(-1-=P^\+:?


#](OI4=S6;C9$YX&OP%=E?/6/*^/2;<`1C^3+A[IH)Q5+D(61F0\EUKO

M@4
2IM611*$-.0)AY#W#*#A8-]AS[;O





U
MM@4


QF
M?U5WTM^FC2[B9UG6A/6:3K5



M;5H+ELJB8=I#FV^E83$0?9CJ@IL#X&4H]W8PL(VN_QD-?M5N4M4=!Q)Z*
M.TJ^P#$/?;6-Z*J&.SVA0J*'I)Q_N=YPPOZ;&@^OKW=V@C;Z93NL2`?D64[




N??2HBJ'50

METU&5K4XZI



K3(JJ

Q)*6

M'L_)IO!\TS%/%-Z.R/.,4?&,5)RC[%M/%.N_U)-CZW4L3EB3=-&Y=+-I)Q*
MA4;Y]Y4W;4KJBRF]?`T%$Y`@6QT,9Y@F,DR*N]G%\XN*8+'1;)+2$W[EXGK




MU8RF:3\RU@`/#.E!O!(Y9$*
!^K

M3KW-@-
Z




MX'/$XQGM9D+
)\LGRS/:/*/]!A6]W

A:3

DD/\T-+C?6U^-I]'9RNZKA7N[]')QNU:LRL8OEY(TMNY[FUPB



M]-^/C`5QT0UY1`-[H5OO
6)W`&%-/O7K
MX.F:J4_%?'6\)KE?`/0#PAK




M@\R0O21T)5KW:$HFA@M+$H;[01PTUUTT)L1!AW&F!EDBN6!V/X;Y(G
EEY
MQ@-!]FQF3(B#P=&SD4



M9U(.S1Q[$?XLJQ?8_AC%X^:#]


+$/]:[-ILB(^CW#'IQLP*6HB0!VLV`.QE8
M[`DZA9%-6)RP!)=K9@8:ZL%Y


QM:^K8\`L+[IDS6$!T_0``Q*&O3%8N

M00]

MO7D$]]8T![5ET*.3G\%Y[B$/$WHZR!/5];*94(/M`0QO#E'B4]D)M.RZ64


T23?_[EQ#-1S!?_V^NHT_

MZ0YH'EG$J1SR[.3




MDTI5

M-H6P38U7L\&^#FZ'0_3[X/;+U0B=7



K/A$!)X0^%2[J<W6!*Y


S1V
M+0+KA2SPDA?RZ';4OT;]X?!R-$R*FWR)9?^-UQQ07B*[&1`6XIVFZ%+942-[

M@$ZJH.).+_&!SJE078AX29%KKE2.O
I%5Z2ATKQ1!KO(7=SMY#R.N$E:M90E

M^







&
M
JDJEL3$


J
:3@
M4D&;T


MI&[Z+I]V15*;'HZ\L9$+V#3))F2+]`D+[KKP
Z_KRX]!OLC@@


_*\)YI3-RVX%^W_V2XFU_![85M#3W@
M@V]D

MPP:H-:A;JH:]=/I(QC\

MR)Y(8EE4B[KW(V
!!L

//NG9RV#PLA&2)A._+[P$T
9DIP3@
MZJ1)!.%
8HL@FP]^.M
7AOG\







;83255M&/L7Q484CVN.UJ%X9`NQ[)LJ*IZ

1JMF5#



MH)E


M7O(8/ONV91
L7+V2\K:_`DNFD&[($4M0WL_`404K\R[/M'O\MIJ(RQM+KQY5







)ZOT._$PF46RIV&


U+5$%\MBF!PL


M`\QP_1BZ9I0;\^3-&I)'KYN3&\_W/Q';O7


#BF_&MP@?JAP[*XD?FC:;&X1X\@8=/WV.W


MQ?`0S_1-V3K[W;BF(LJ(7-1%ZF2!129EH)\16T(\V$3K)()%)F6IH8^Q16






+)#+(UQI\:BX_!BZA!@!'()!\


M4+I:X3;P8/S35(-N*VM[V!L2-@#`O)[GXV6;7Z)UYB&G
CDKB2X4.6_!L]RD


MBAFKU+IZH8P



MQ8
33N@W
&F

PE$!GUO99LXF2N+U5X*:,7+5Z\B![S$SF+K-WQ_/?OX7=?ZR76E(+.F9






9Q2^0.RA5\CZ




V+\




XK87M=??-T[

MG39UXH1=





]7`.@B-\(6&D4Q*
MTW!!R1X95A6=$0$YZ;6BU$]67+C3IJVP9)8@

M7#UP1JR;TY?A4W?II7:6UNN#O:N!-&(5O;ZH4#M0+JS0!TMKHC-B'5VP^5
)

)@2'B$JOSZ\5
M
X$!BM94@J9GRY9E8:.@Z)V/0#DW.!XT2LZ&DNG87_B7WILZF6U4&H-V2W

-4


MNO_M8T]6`,YPT3YK-.6$B8/.RI/'K:2;8TF5DIZ^QF_3.=U+J0VFME6KKR
M.$%^21M7!;K7\0IUO':KL:SQ1FQ_5@CY1:

4D5-&56U&Q5\AYBA<9F*

=_YV6+3&$YEY5:)7)I7`
F*8
Y94&:'HM,@&2`SNMX/X/(<@R$,G@FE()]/6=$^F%(9
MEQ&]\0[0/R$?C,)YXA52'WGLI_)9M+Q25AEG[+OGQHZX%9!*5T_=Z,@P=&27
MVSE;J$]V54`F/8_9T(Z;&G?6,9YLOZ'\&3AYS\U7U1L3[81PN;&4&6Z9RK
M]\0OS+;Z'2#,M3/27%1^&4U:7V@1A
J

7X-&

M@D?XB+M2.
^Q3CA/YE-6]WK%_ZU7]N([RE`+@EI+*W14F]J$$U7NBI^2O=
M&Q(4F+`6S-^X/HR(`=D@.E@_
+;C1*G-\H+E9A5=&4\BMD%C+8V?G[$7CQ1@


UN5;=^:]-^3`;R7:Y?


MC?+F%9P!B!V6&PC-]H?/AX.3P[;'@PI
6'-NUJV/AE?M@LB(![#@G?.1_!Y=





MLZ&S(ANS6P'^1'I1)M'ZA*VE4@;:LB(37@:Y!4*U>

QJZ+IGS
M
]YK0J](\.1/`C=Y=7H

M&6:R%__'F@&OR%PTT.0+;BDY%!5AQ!

MD`?]G[01S2,'HYS!RBDYBKMZ4
.
MG9B
M]IPWQ1[!'8E\DQ\HG`'DW`+L


M\.D


*:Z



'\
MCHT%%`%7:L-T68--*(5AQ
89&^F5$,RHAT!$FN&86!=KU@;RRI
M$W/)3!HQY[*<W^^8&_LJ0BM8BZ:!E?
@D1C;'.@M_[]?'B47_]&PC]8H?AP



MN#?XGMGJ
MDX#6P9A$5L^94@K3B+69-MQ']G71D5


4CGJ+2K=R

J8^F
M-GX)G<;E9<;T9-!\H-!C__X#N`$;]N^AO_9W!2Y4%=Q-A5P%(K^Q4MUN=X/-
M.#J
7K*
&Z`%


M`FN5#0?XX8
L








MZ
K7&2!/-:



M*3_^$O2BM3*MN$21-R






.IO)U=TE*'G7.W,
MLB:$N%*:WMQ45'F+F:*BB<3]=J@X^72+**M\#97'ED(16TP:=7TDU%%TW1Z7
MG=_\=L#;]\2:P7[X#U!+`P04``````TA


M=70M
C`Q-3`S




MWP
\B]Q+1F_0KESJ$M6@%
\1H?]$;H2O

!A










E
J+HU^\4J?<5)XT^.P#`N_8915[(Q.#&/IX0
M4QRH=W-UE4XA^E`-(C4'`%#9G!@OV9R_8/\L51US!5M(#9=:!YT]\@6ZHBI


W6'1#




O:H03A=Z

MG85&Y\32MCJ%^&



MDG;\%S

M=CX31H$!JUQ2106!;'GF@U
X<QG4@[!UR8<<A\`F3;$KUR-]U1^;7WQLD_7=07&

MG)FSY]3W_I6M+$^$3Z!2K



R3_D-6)`7
M[]./7A=1*5/0T&+KV9L3B)*L6?GSW!?F92XN^H6*_$S::!/EWM-1$W8;`YC

\&B/NF\DY&%2Q(:\
MJQ
;DM'(
S1D5/[5BNFT&*'6AE)K0ZJ5T&K%Q%8.*6EH9R\7L3+I@W;U7I9A
MY

WHNEW.Q#(1;

0


MPS;

V+C#8V

.





MTM^&7$=1L


!KP0

M'7-_*2
`EJ(FEN4RPW[#??1GNF]%6



KR@

MR&VI.;@[E@9P=Q:H'[23%`0@KND=`*X

M;L2`R2\()O[R@7CIXS-L\W=2_N(@S.1MB&/)2#9K`L+:U_.@-!-8Z]D2
W)&

7-

M



MCW(^VN/H:!
N^GL7PN\

K^_`0EB&]D72V[6WU.=@9GG

71K.9'CK*6A!\+/J(*%F!9EF2

7+7%CBLM#.(KI(2]@Y4%L
MQ36

$.
]AA!CO

RMK*I9*5P0YP.*[^
MP0XPV`%`V0%N\2/V#!S-BO+0]CI=Q!4L'9(1X:B]@(%.*@?^O^^25/`AJXA

6B
D!;\:




MX(O9_]D'P(^/)Q\^?OGXY?CHTX=/']CV\/E=%V







)M?_(\
D_M3G

MMT2_WYW*)!I_ZO







MO


P--#7E1J39

M03@RZ^-4Q@T0NW`^'
=,%L1#<B.+L!@(S40GCX*<A?9?1V,+\]_9_Q2/HNV4`'%,
MTI;J+O7MG)&%!`4H#\3!=O=S?20U7;8-]TJ7_+UO2F2TOG_5P,^7=VD*?Y
M^/**#RF<[#^DD.O%BKNQTGZLN


\2Q)N/V%&C9KX!G?^
M.!/PX]9T-F'D460+KSY5:P?1%$#6(
Y:
Z#`K$7'CO2X@WOHZ5/0_)G?-!



MZO2O_1O@(SQLBODL%&E!.GX^:#Z]E3C3.#?`Q6;:C\XAV&ST?'7X[@7-.H
M!XB0M3;V_!N*5XABY]SW';EO4%0*@M%&.&0V&[J(ZM8/43?^$Z.8=TJ7D:MP
M94L*@E`]U6(5$PY-Z;C%/`++N4$T7-\SU3A`\5NAP7B=_Z(RN!LTT/_U@8I[

7
MG$S5TEU7K8LT\:V;/+60

M
A*]QR350<5D(IS?=85HPL8C9`0#*#?79









L^#??=8)1R-/&L&'$




MR^8B06&

X@1IY
+J5CV$/
@%3F`


M






MV'`'&^[A&1V;L.'V;G2$8R5KPH8[6


V2PQD-A-+
M:QU

0Q

X^&
99X!+)-RVB64*XU9E5L#
M8NJJ.1?T!D6)*(9!(?

E`FL2J
M
Q'?X4?^/%[Z$


M[SZ7:FNP/H/M/R:Y-V:FLU2+87OW_V!$_^F[T1)O?A4A5J&1WITQE9KP@`

4

FSK991X/


I88*1M0RDOO)E/E_%8VCZ)L%LC5VB\
M'O&

MS(MSHK
ZE0


M=DM`\*2J!;Q+
;3S=T9?MK@I;R++D/P@DIA*

KUYI4[R-QX'7GCA@QZ/T\&/=EM
-:R





LVH4PKZ4[!Z$'2W.UQONITTQ#EQ1]Q%

M4Z@;8+N3/+A




M/Y$;R4X!FG4AV*O$HZR0CT6/&6CXW5\8J?R]*(W8R!V67L3I17?+5J0IAH
MY=AIL0(-.1V


MI]OH\P0.S/1!P%/\$*I/8

MI(Q!PTL;JMY1DKWD6V=&'0!`[.S/GV(S57M4=2`H/75@*V$/&H+Y=;L4.EEA

M9XAZQ)L'N:1!/



F'AD:F/:GGRUXI&
8''13V

Q5\/$QD/T



#&;7:S3K=FMI.*IW




M*#N0

Y69&


MQCP%M21Q(

EL4LVX.%3-@1!\ZOEX5-R!PUJ1KR-L1/;H$])3'@843R=9:E:

'RCV&^K\01S@E683(/R+D

VRC


M!AIK5/QH5XJ5T^$

M[

#$U
#
S

C0GM5(T)[575XP`!!4.```$

MQF1@(C(3:B20`I`LIC[]BP-'(!$G+@^V]H\959/N#O\%W3TN#_=__U^O^QB]
MXR/TN0_?O/AZV]_@WR3L
HV?[';X[Y^R!?1]%O_M?__'__GW__;^_?_^^+


$O_-/0+OZ=?^/O]`O_5/[X+GC&\6\0I?S\<*L$]/N6K)+IF]FT


M(*8^EV3)]TVM(F5=9FT]@VQ=B2;_-
`N*;Y9I\1[#L7[F(\L9]]DZ=Y)L5*-

UMCE[UC%2/:EON/

_*U9$



M_

B80+G%;V@1)9[WCW])3#`+XMLDQ*]_P<EH`X=U)]?H7#[[W]&
0WQOHAAGE^2SVS13!X8S*JBP(%6V'11:)``A0?)]54!@I*BBG7E&
M2/?[-'DLTO4OC[N`#







(X_<(V]^0__OG#XM^^

E*
M)`?.!3F'K-


/&1YAZ1GQ)C*Z+DB
/5




MN115(^_(8'W.\4.TW;$%_AD0!0U`-4B5HG7EQW



MZN2FT5R`O&#[YD_$9+6;/5MF3U(HM=TF9-23OB$28U:5GF2`C]QL5J)UF2
M/='!)D=*4PN

YJ3.6X'VDH%X#-DK
M[.D&)G_N


@+^%447/U





M6@B]4/ASDSR%^C.6^CSF!0DGV3)\H66+#.ZKI`8JYZE7OE7`4TXZ?\E.G1Z2

M*&XM!7)@8^^C??40+6[88*[MW)0'SGZP=DE_O-'.$3WP06L;\
?QW
S6'Y\;






M&%




<=F,%W.<]

RA+$YER2@ZY1,B+U:945QGX6S10BP)


ME'-.!+1(DJK:6AZU*.9?&$D^WTVXX43L[O@JRGEB`\VP86QKJ%?&SKJ'HNZ8




B1*;VZ(%HD++-\2(+TKUG%]_/=\

+\PV02X_





D2J,55H&\(B](LC)(@.Z';


OI75
[JH$3E]
M
16)4Q2
*WJBI\6*8KBF\\4


N!L-^
MDF:/FD/4[/A`)0R5TA`71_
+F4Q-L\
9GE:TLF%2;J3C

RPB?T8N0!L^9;9&5<J-NC:^BAVC0:
M`+2[
RJ(`9HR:C61U''BG=$HU0D]94&2!VO^CJ
Z'B@A?^)IK0WDJ#K=('?X6FP]W^RSA3`5OK9Q#:]$P<




MGB!]Z+7&*:$#[SBO-M


MK=/W^/EMGA^5M2_:)$`'YQ(U6^?DPN_G/Q;O?+Q[LY(%F)5F$F,]XS*`VO

!SE[^7]QS

M)M.P/:XR-T)!#95IHE6^G6



M?


[@IX0H?B/914!8Q

.Q0.2_8EQ7XA+982+9
#P
M1*`!




ME*L@N4






+]8;H^TH,!V?V^
MJVKJ`!6S-3]#YP=Q72[<R0_RZB$KR?9Q<EBVWBHK@14)3NB_(@(0$SW)%L
M,+:[UA_%IX5B4%_




O@0'%21]9#CG
M\B`LR%6RC0D5-ZK8?8DEKJ7_.CFW7)Y)7SU%D[N
^%HH+;%S?2@C-=D4A8


M&M)FY




??Q)SU4V2#L8E\LW*H-&^#GG

M+9\NAE%^2/
@]L




MNT/(&PBA!
)\'O!0/Z-;;6P\0$

MVAUE]FGR&``KKJ'X
XE8^(V:''X*
?F(BA9T`K$PG/;\




N;9\-B/CH_W

M

G9L(F-C6!Z88R5SX9X];[LIU+)6+
:H<

`Z8[31P#GK

M2PCV+%FA\ME#Y#




M@G9)`GJ%X$=3D:G@:XON$





5H_F9UPZ!KPCCFK4$((M,A3JMQ:N76HYE^.*53HKK&JEY40XI^?L*O

P31]M74L_N`217)
Y;1$8C-A$`<0-.\.`/5KYM:*
M(1LF$L8^QQ@&T8*'R)O=QH<KV_$)I*?QC5V5F4T2FFGC8L]@\3#(A]6(+
M!3=!E+%SQ^9&P333Z%E@?-D&ANBK.OK9?=&L3+?D$V%!C`=]Q`'EX*]

M9'!


M;'MB+9Z%J%DP6

(](CW;W%87



MEEX7B3\[(5&8%S%8A=0^)#M)\

NL281#Z)-@*52


ME(O(CH=OF8@RUZ_T(7R4;']
T_!+%






M52^@HHLY9C=W7IHUSV7VA^*&/7]:NRS_8=K8=9';_1.^[NH9P/DP!3I5'_



RWTA5

F6-F5\)'.%*8ZJR8':%AO4;[4H5M#.WXY8JTBW&V])




S^_D1I]LL..RB


Q!/Q9#Y`^HB`:A/37LWMY
MU$BKE*(\E!Y+NC##(!^BDM;/8'!C:P'8$5G+
]@)8'8M5OH9!LW=NUL?(4
MA?)[





MCB2D!25#&9S5YCZ@KZ7HTC9(3JLDMN_^
89@J#W*6$/2WKH

M[7J'PV-

0_U'Q'P6-H+DM^8OAA.UP6+?D



M5=!?W/S9!D-U57L!F:
:'P@4/N#5C#7A8-B%!
`&LKSQ_5E[^Q/__R:7MV4&



?XG).)


MS5S.:

\K1
30Y5+$BO?KM0D)P6H$B03A%)59V2W#_;

MX^\$J3X`L.*.0AP4$UZ-U+QHML$5=SP)P-O&I7^J&`*:(![IKJT\J[BO)#
MF@?Q:D-+#+

MI?9O*IYF'

MN3IY$V:X6B;\-YO1.DL2/*`K7UIA4CVGS'O963G%`/DP7C-X`$0W:JWL-G]
M;JF'6LNY:%*(!(ELKE.E.F=[\XS'#%P%N$#?L')$3_@=;HE4[!UCJT%']25


F8/67`!7@O9@ZOM`
PO

M-(I9]47PS\
F`%FZ'6BYC#59JV9LPGV(\E\N

DP@SFIE
MJ



MZP-8!A'.QS[A+T*9QRQ-R#_76(!A-[6YBX'QO+YP12=TE3&[/_93L+O^PE^$


MV^;Q!Z.NA
X*

PE7R*4TRO#YF&8G-K+BN]?[;11+P

MPAUWJ
1651($R0M4REZPJU`FOKHM:/6!]N-^9*(!:E^$$E&G\I+H*7@5^]FP

@]Y]/(P;A#LRI)]S
M_!!M=X73ED#++H)L(`D6?9KN*`7^D;5M(9%N6E^N+\X-E+;QR7/AMI(G!^

Z'&79F2QF^T9

M6K:/$







Q_5F@]=%79&9Z$F#'&WYEJS)
MYH.=

HVO]DT%$:=.#H

MR.AFZRHB(8EV
L95O?I\P;8BESLBCP995M.&AYEE'*=?Z
-5#W;^M5:U4M9[
M?RTK\.[?`I9T_Z_A@SL!
JE.P.0F)U_AP#]$:ZD'V8=YO=AW#(4:X0RO6!
MX]S;0R+T_-M[$.1SL+



F

_C(@KRF8^[GOK7/YP%U0*1('&!GD\UA8]'`*..QLHP&O2L?DDO

$C?M?++




M8&0!*NM@J5?7C!K&5HO6DK5TG;FKP
V


MHV;ST$'.='
W*RH`

4G&
81!7C$/DS;YP'*YLQ_B%BH.QO.+@`C6?1?3I





MC)X7


M^?Q




M_&F
?JZ3VS9AP6M(0J\FU?L?\F6^MG`=%Y'3





M
%
`




M4+7




+

L?\FX7E%=0K441(^8<5Y\2AN_3D48N6O$W+X(X9@=ELHQ+

7L4`'
^H*L@AKGBOTEPB6A3)T$
Z24OJ*@\A1&::K+

M$(ERD2@8




W-11YTS+^0=1\$36?

DI&L5-QDAG_2^D.%+L]-#\.5C




-Q=!

C]U
M&RO
\L1]BRC;)80*LBJ5VS'VG`H@Q
I5D-4?XF\^X*.KJ\:94N/9H^KUZP$G

?%W%DW+U



MSG)-5A1'=LDD+@W)OV/
2S^Z=1E^[V0^`HW^LPGBFG6Z/W



F';T-]O3^Z8SCWRD#$-/X1



G.8RMHU:4:6<S<SR?$/H#8%^#7IE?XN;AE]VQT

LFS
M?4S&

LOGF9(U./5V

M8MV%.65O5N

:K40E+UK:)%
M`C&

7?SVZOW8]W$Q]:IRTP
MYNFD9LBFH:CNFKCF]2H0:_



DQZ?FYJ

M2\+4W;+HF.`F*S.4\PE+S0$R:9G4


M_K0+BC\%^2

















M=PS2H3U[1-)CO#H2_/-3!4A;'SUC]\H_I;KU\
WSITW^^:4=TLY3IU']4;%P








U\5`S\&I



M'8QU48G=8WSU08Q-M3PJ8J<3^:
\\*8PN3O%(78K;E\
OT.&+/YWTU:H[V_

M'K^R![XHS=`A_1)B\C_D_TXX`+Q:.XM7E[L@VV+5]D5%#%191JMZJZR
E'+^
MFC(:-;KE6




2R=NS6<*\FH<0M6_0UI2]04*#R`ZC^PCD34+'GR4:G
M`3HI0HMSENDP5G_4@B#

EZMP^R7V11W5$`
MP



2XJ_*Q@)





M.7QP:\9M/[L8%3D--`\5\BSCD]+2#(UQPY68B\=?U$0.3Q6+CF=XG6Z3

T4AZ
M)/Z:%0%%3O[



`_[)`82@S


R
M7\A\/.!U%


MT83-H1*!@N8X:G=]0&++Z&^BY$7=5D+B%
1Q2ODSA\NW-AS0[Z
N4]I'Z$AV








M]8B4)BHYG8:V&'P(F3((FC-.@=J34-95R?(@C_+Y$E@\!N%Z[&A&PDA\2CSX
M


:@(O3
M/8%1+)/PFNA_V#OL;S0/-G?&%J]S=*;OC]C4$U.T^MA)!_43'LP+@6Y
D[



M


N4
EYA6M0)2S\M.NQM=A]<C#%;







MJ`
CAH]1!

$^=1MJB_0R1VQ;RS*;2G
(GK*

MJCF13.

M3T
=59
8:T`-1(6B,B@[6VH%,3%(X'Z)AT3)QI+8%=.=!#'+*:2RC4#]^A

XHB

&.FIIM74E6[H$R?*Q

M9B6@IV@OO6(P\WCA8G(@&I]J
_CB1#*M;QI07.M:YLJ"^TBTR'9+X#FSN:
M)[1,P@?Z1XSUK985M#'
5K%Q:






%-=\\V9YSH-A9&._8D5'[4V]H??$T
\!:
V\





N/IL

(.S'\
W1ZFC0O_T*-B






'7`





MCC)@PD



G\(HCICXS#IN6%-ET+
M8')SU3`FJA1*XU9-LS,0BOV!2H%3+((.N`L2L/K1'L/,@1?^5NZ[RFIXD;
M5JIQ0BR/19`5


;^,WYB









M4Y

=_C($R_6/B;FA;`X4R*UQZG(H1Q.;TV




AB!`7BG

;:A5IO


X6[TZQB4P
MHI(3


VBHX\4H$5(?U4ER0U?(R8-O2OE?84JB:@4Z5'H




?[ISE__3E<95J+'4?'.=\LA'@3)62*

QS7.07IX_!7]/L

#1RE0KPAZ@6T_!W`2`9#7
MWT


MJTSWV0:E)DMC^()]GNNMWZ1







^OTT^VG)80%
M_?0'A:KT%S`6U*@D6M!/?YC=@JI/=KNTH9__`&1!:IU6GWY$?R#_#\**;AX4

M3!(U6Q=*PN_GOT#J?+P[W90D(RW:ZY!1BJ5_[^_J_Z)_Z^_$H%'^__+.X5






M3VFR_0/Y/[7SG%

-TC-&TA3@
M#4W3((







W!G(AFW.0&


9'9C
MEGZ_^]BH@(VW[&T'7(ABJ,__*$U[LDC=/MZ3^C9!L&J:%%EPT7Q'6I-9CF
M]M3(`G29:JE7]P:0

MN2\6H^N`)J?UP&H

0^2D-8(

XHZ*^_KS`R*?7GS[[;<N0`<E`S'1R^?T!2MP

&Q/$




64#-/<5%B

M:6R88&*+O6;=OIB


P&N'
:'X4.W]+DVV3SC;WY.1V@4YODSW^ZA@!0E/




C&%*Q)8I_X245_[3#I_LL+74W.X/:5:0N'(L
MUKO+],M%%B0A^5UX7!?+)*Q^_7@\X$S\G:;$RQ2?@:@),]UP-45DQO\&4-69
MJ8!TBY^0+R'^J06B'T/EUQ:H$HC8!\G4]P4QL:B4B\A'&R+VV3,H.HV$(/7
M&CO?A\Y02.?7;7P#0[X^4@

M'T%G29

)K1^T=(22V(X?B\*1D0RGR!*V5`)_!#@0'PI#Y/\5X_.[;_SZ:


M;33MO



NJHZT'66Z5UE5K4FT&J(H8)I5'K[J8

MA5\BC0%KN69-7G(!V43[Z%I;MK(S.8@U%\Q^VQ*

E@1WSS

$7Y:H1I#ZE:J2W8
%

?F/_Q]0
M2P
$%`````@`-(3
1G[X\3=

34P
S
Q7W!R

M!`(@)#MVNE(2X

+__F'_E[T?'!!ZD0_#V7__


`;.\2_[^[_L'QS]LN?\_'
I\-)-4+$H



)T=1=.
MHWB1M_X'!\O_^G37@)&LPBR-W5^\:/$K_ONO?*)^'=KBYQ01,N_BL(DJ/
M^73I!MA,SW,`TH2SO3R=M#:1S=&?YZ#%'IN(*WI6U+5X%C_
IE

MI'Z2Q%VV7YI!N
2K1W85+98QF(


)O'

M#$


M89(8B2V]]\0^JA7\QIU);;I02XGZ

7$]D[=!+LD0\

MBE19



MT[5_NC:UET7]2?@0A3'PT-R/C'3I)KW_54U0_EI]F3\XI5L^_MV^HN$3IV






M8\SEZ@7)G$Q?`#)W[
:K:SA%14#H@2M4#A9'NG

M:Y*B$:@Z;U.B#![INQIE-MQ4







M#DLT_CY^4[#AE+8XT&+M`CB&&$

M^!_@QK?H-PG%2ELE[;$3#[#24D?:+560BL]6M;*V68L%K;37L09[%8BP1PH#



?!@@N=1(JYCB?T]?RQ%H?^79?HE*=
M4F9OQDW=Y#6W69;\/'/=94$[$*1)]9MM_I6__KUVG+D^WGJ

*.\
W!?*)2+
X:5HN@5YR3IWCO5P9Q

M)`
[\=AUQ

0SWQ$3I

M501@`B
1Y&Z)=WQ:ODBPVM$EC4=
JMO3%

M&H.1*O5^:5HWMLX)L`\P*;*?/$2A1UT:\%6V@S4#LIUBFD::3H]@TS
&HU

6G67M8`
_-!O]






!Y=Z-^%Y7J;=+;:7=H^/H@`M?'$
M_0F_Q14OWJGN/;`)-K,0P^2;W*P*MI'EIZ8;3R5YWB(%#]Y_0#2R?3%_4X.
MX118A^C9C`QI/^MF*YUZ9-'1TB'1V/G2

MPNUCFT*]R/*HF#1*L;P./:^LV

Q\$..9_
M$

M*H@#VN4F8OW+9#)=)S?F?5'L@/ZBV$:V



*Q9R=HPH!$X?A6IDQ&Y<-Q)*5]Z<X

68OGFO=-RX`

M57?
O.@/4-+9+1J57B.M_&@\&O00I9W/!7UR88B#KR9A59S`F)[2QLPAF9`5
M)F5\A3IP@1-

M3*

+<.1E6IJIH

&J-F2-]H%4Q38-]H48%C/:Y?G9`OWY&BAXUX2+:B*-)RWB[]ANAA
83

M_T52/BFCVN
?(\:?&G-S0\1

MU..;M+13MU&

0

I;C




M`3C42\*(/#\WBA#%VE^

G*@$TV^7HOJR&EA)O
;X/H&V\2B6.A)!)(N%-(UQNQNT;)
[RNP:H\1YTRWOU%PN\\/^;YD&FU#.<SNC1IN5HFI2
M



60&5^J#O
MZUC5[&71(`T

&ZH4&P.JZCJYAKF&TRP&


8


M-ZC4=A=.HWA1V([QL@-?[=&/*D-P*K@TIB=BK]B=/KJ0]))-O8AY)A]@PJ[P
M.P94&P_/:C?:

M
HB2+`:
F66H6/
(UV-Y(ET!DIY9TST7E3J9Q/C2?_E#'ER?0`PH7[E-ID6N

]\M/.[S;J'S


8]E

M-M]L






X8&(0ER[C4VOK@V4/6Q_
ND



V9'&-3F.S@0G_IY_Q3Y5XT][^V

M^1`X^WAG9!


[D@NKB57Z%9K
M6!V16-ZX7L@R2R

(%OY3:7L_]V

\M9IQ


;Q%5;[#C2#
!'_=!

.O-#JZ




MG/6'-'1*.G3&2
1;68O#LM3]9$IOI8`CL[]$XT87
;
WW)V2M3#*D8
KXZA0
MYM&#89E'G1^K?VE)'VY+$M*M9JV*_^5








M!WN'0R[M%=]Z;U?VB(\7$P(-J[LG^$':1;@R)+2HRGC'N+&VD/5P)[C/=S

1C3`$

MGVYT:A_)EYO%9[0N+?

2A?1.$6+R&
!O0*XT(?9U[WLW


M.W&IO6
S(?A;)W[@'6T
M(R)]\&.#Z8PAG(,W]L-UWXG$=`FC&=?HCI28<^0_4PQ@'B&KR*C0C[[1$!
MR]#:_W$#N`]Q287U]NFU'?@[;KN*<;V3;ICN?L@)2U)GS3F!]@XC^=1C!;O




]09^^^1A:19S;CAFE`8
ZQI9;9Y
M$#L(HF]NZ+&9Q5'51AKUA6W)DX.;;H03`48AWG#6EJIE_&V93%1PB!*6V%#T




M-..&#)9)1&G@S$;D`)&-JW*!]SR3`4WJ/O'
]5EJ1H]Q;G;LCFZ[.7JTT/

%!
R:I9)@*KP
$OA6NC?F1LC


-TE2\!=0SNQ;'0
M












M'1=N[.J?=XME'+WE


M:0E%+32W


M[


-'-J5

Q`(]&M3L%LJH-M=Y?7#3
^




M-


H0XG?MN(


T
2%64DST-$*RFP\*'OOY[DZJCKQ%;5^=C'F:W%Y!M\*JOF







;_
W?#V1_0_3/*KN;NW`7QM0OC%2-^E5W+.&;)

MVCG_(%M]A3!`C4IS[`L_U\2@6*TK70.D3)@^NBN
[1'$'OH/C6.LNA\DXR-9
M+STJ#6W2]C88QQY`/@)?LKV&C]QFL(4&0'W.=1.].-=/MY':+&.;\?5`Y;(
M@9Y])7ZPEWWD*EF[DAX.D#8]*_`T/D1II^X_H:WK?90DD[`JSN-IY)?VP68Q
M=^-`S99,/E8R.LM:9O8$_`#2R?3%_=ZU-!@H\H.E]!6#O665#TQ8R'!0U6Z








MIXR/)P):MU8
H(D\^[:Y


MAUW[P[J


M_9:D&/VNLL;9NY=-VJ;E![N;9/3&NKUQ&.`0IW?K@5QI3N^7Z!VZO
_VCT^/

6-1M*.G%S!.
OWLDZG.TP$


\FOLU!%F`$WD

!KNY_SP?!GN^?H($&0[
M%([VD

BM.8]`0YU]5^SVD:.OI!EO3_0



M](6NX-4-[5O


WM-.`@8G



'<*Z8;=U.T`?_/=S(<S_LIBOQO,`@85P+%
M1.B]&GB'[#:%(4S!/=*]O]UTO@N/$*
Z:I##-U]7;`W?'-=L`Q(EZLO[A]1
M?!6X24+QIPM*

I7`01]-1-0/=!MN#NZ!?-^PAR3@R;U
(.X


ME*X9HRX.


M%`^$`;119';);CE^

M9FT3A@NZ)6PP:E]O`*M
G-?HVOK8ZV_O9PV@D33KRM[KJQN]-FNILQWL]*_!

LVPL9PP+J.6ZCW-??7P/R3SHC\98TYAVW28
ME83'!C-^?;XFF1']R2HSDO!H#W^08
:;KT\D
Z(_665&$AY+XAIV^`J'`;-L

(P;\?.2A2V
M)0QYGD=QBN^\X]&6


287%9J
/0DB-ZNIK
M#WB4A6F\*MA0_K!-A/+7OU\];'N_UW\PS[1IJDYP.F01F_#S_\BV/#SOZRS

M.\.WXP&R;?J$-


M2I8QI@?8DBCGI@PWA&``?(GY%?$_!$GR
G?3W]SD&7@9:M[EZC$`_@Q
IE=N
M
K\&RRB!W2_MB
JPA!SRL%=^MSU%9!%^YXZ#+&N45^A_8=JQ(N6ITE3'
5+'

\PZ?
A

3T.15X0:ZI0U;+^T=1+:


:%0-Z
M`)

U7(T=7+Y/^


`$0_);H4=T@+HQ?+.4

#@8#@[4IVD:


`O%EESP##:KFHRR


R0%J61-L'F?99((.&(/UAW8



H

MZJ;@(O2?@RA-83B[;2T*6




^416[Y*XR?!`)P*CD(Z[*[)%;H)@[G-
M4E2VW&O5BSR6@5^BSM+66RY
9VD]+*9HCE.V9ZMDU:0/IVJ/&:-AZ+5Q
T`_

MR[&8-G2











!]+
(SU=7T7U*

M]1L(



![JS
%1TQ@&#+6?`!

=Y

MCO10BQ*4]QD$^/#U*S%M#U==2\G4'[LD_Z9A0U056W
5+5YAF-OS*@H3B+#F

M#6^?K+

WN`E3V.F-ZBAAC#7[;$=X\1'5/4&*5K6N:G8
M_K,QIN!5:],03C:%YBDF
+BF.0N0$4CB!
M5;_!62V+(V8W0-0D.X$$11AE
M::;=MOQ`

M]C`.CV5'.-K?PCA)7[Y%G[/01XUXF4=9XH;^319'R62*P&&J/\;1%*:4V^;B

ME[D;#B0)CQB;6=(;OW;7&SODZYYV5ZVKG#&&[K

Q[@$]<,-635*$S8,$B0;PIZ`9N;RM4Z4+Q13=9




M;CLW9:BCXJ8A:=A(5P/RTV:T@KB'UB8+,%YT/4^*6[*G(;YJK-O697T6*9

)5ZJ*BEQI

M=8EM*O4(*?7$?G)Q*Z)BER&N;Q*[VG#^G;D!G$(O5\47&
)%MFAIH]I0KSJY

M=YW)U-E\&?_5P=]VT

M[=T3J*G7_RX!_`
A6$]6:-1:P'`#[QG$;]`##.N+2[&$#9*`:\_I16#'IR!Z







IVEESGW9Z2FUR

M^E?AK




&].]POOKPP6^7
GT^)7

MMNU]E\;V$6\4.!(K1[?7FY4YX@AS-\+'SEQO%J&L7?W-A/

I'[F@X7]5&1JA&
__$\@

\-)EA+/
PMX)]BO/+L
Q?.@QCD+!0<I

M--^-(\X9FHSW0!A_(,?VS3:H2-.H$:E]\`8-N*(O+]QCMZAS5;+-QX-9D.
MCRH]8;R\6GP)1Y!:'A1J2!?GOFTI?)G0[




M6G




*V2:C6D9D$9O
M0^Y7'BRP(0&2=L_ESEYYL
?!B\1*Q%FI[2.G9FP

&1&!94A\H%+K5XNBY`DD68!O
^=/T14+\6+=

5C2MX
M4@366.
WQ48=1:]0<Z8/-J$/I_F2X%/H8YCP#3P#+XOSW-@WW[T@0W-Y\:;Z8ID5
MIIM
6UK-[Q





MM%N[SE)O?A5]NXS1SA[]#;^3BD;IZL_/V1+$];^1.:/@
^^);+M2GW:W#(6E

MF^_YWH!L_F$2WQ-E%&C*U

M067FE
0KG`)&0P&Z^=J;XX$J4'I=YD@/K:I1M1^G.&M;2Z@A^!5L7@:PB333

MC*ZSN.P:+W#1&:#`JF
=?JCEO1&MFCQ3V^T(&T^(0-&)275$E'SUUEK:.&
M.%I9+T/3UZAZXM(V]W@W3Y6AGM2\;OZ=Z!8
1:_6KONA%.WHIZU8]XMEW`

\(2XFQ)@19G!TG$3\VB
3=DJGN_#E6X17

M?N-QVJY1*W2YNO!2^);?)L771KUY65C
&776OCY9RG'67\U=4IN6.K56-'U3

@W=344NKN7!#CZ^E'_LNJ
Y0))QPQ++E(T'
M/23A-??JW?K)D\LL@2%(DA(+[64V:AWS[W)AAWL$-8#!P\TG7)5DP/'0SX=
M8=5&V%G8&AT692+4[E4FG&E?NJ^KVRCRR:'_S1+FF8^I^JVS:0X\IAKK`:T`
M8=&6NW&F@'+1?)SMEP&.8DI]U3Y:X_?R`.Q:O?5DRXF!\$DG=
NZC1+C-^0

MFCH[0#H[LH8?@J@5WTI=Z]6HR*!R%7VYVI1[`C-\@5
P_*=U%ZU_^$_9)ASH



$C?X%$?9
D$B@@P_6(S+Y+=N
X2\N$L;A9UO

6B%\#RZ:_FG^

MS597T7U*NU\J*L0XWLDT]9:+6HYRM/-G+(L!E@]UARTPCN7O;5E`MX0D+S#Q

TIBI[!Z4+





5T$QR!L8K^J%







RT6'M@Y(5D



MIAC[.@/X=LP3R%/:H



MDR_=
MA6TGB@!JI1Z)

0]FKP:MD^
F)6ZLS0-9R(O0)$&F;$
MI-C'*!D*4.KTT$2OMF+7Z78?<=X.9.&TR`F$`Y5?(KR/PUFHB#(<WH@
#A
M7\_V$6X?&17J19;;I7,?I8FCK+U&SS-B^WC5[$LUPN=




NHV[.?0(B6A4'^4LXAA#/_E\`^7E
M
8(%&;7
-2?=

6-`6G5&XA




M-CGK1IF3TK]H&4ZEV=8A?W9_'BF8IWLG1V=[YWMGAX?G9X?[@[*/:XQ.VD=]
M[-0P62`[L6BEDK0IH3%#(Q:,LF$9&4+1WQFV?0'D)YU))&P_#JF#=JB6V2
M

8P%E89*'R5B^Q&R9H)8BM&?KY3T%A6_^/K/!G

MH7XDW=0FL5F3SU&&`I^`%[A)`J?0VU(H]N-?3*[NGH`;P+^!_W49A?A-Y$E\
M#__*H)\7WT$7D-3CWZS*Z4.#5]CQUJNJ(UX%:[\$UN:^G)PYO!06Z=-SPU
M+3@Z]

M?SC//YSG)CK/\;S_&$?XVHI_N?J:`/\N7-];N?!2^%:D^*&OV
0%F6OT'FYX

=[GB+#WG;=]TPX7G4HSARE



=$50





WG


2N.#+B4&S=IDU/]-I)0X@J,/)
M8Q!9+.L92

M['P^9


P4MBD=V-;GP-H`$T

X/$2A2\C!W_[ZE__Y^+^'A_^Z
MN+]Q/.;&`::1XW*
&'ERGW28E</

M/@8*S(F;
S#:@H?1PYP/^UAXPA7CP1C/4.Q'GPY^C9$O`3EP4!1Q

MJO@#9SY^!.



`D3PZ\4^GLS


MW1


MU8:OU`
`T9)$R+_!*
1K;*]B:(WX%G0

M5

PXA8F;4A38I#;CB+!#3YQAF
O/+TM
0WR!*1BD&J%^CR+U_O?VY$U]
M0BK7=Z16SJNR7HY0S

JU?([ZYL=?7.

3\`_FQ


MR)X5GL96!5;K-VW\)JO



\1);\EJV_4N^




V4J6]B4L-T@

G]`Y(<J0HBTZ?E-(.B:(&K!J6&;3IGQ8O]8X4
MGHM*2TYZ0(5!W?V(V9RCY8*X]9RK[GQZ)!L6'5+)3BY:XKD6;A.R6@%[[KIQ
M$

KQ)&E.
5BY/)ANI?E23O.;Q




6Y]=Z8%=Y-D
A6L1@X]H#\T`6J^`M-B


M
X





OR_6Q0^9.TN1
(7@G7KUG]+J3S8;D&^;1F0`V
MTNM!;7F3FX5Q0QC7/73I34M0#=PFB&N!:3/$Q7Z[0F%![YE=:6J^;5BT\+:_
M]




MZ):I;Y[QJ$GUB!JN*;5-MS]HZT'T?+GTB2LR/\6Y:11A:!3PUT]
?#]OI9[F
M]!=E`KUAME
$O3A4KTM

MK$#V^66):8@O






MP/IAJ=X.F.HB7*U`GJAC/6PW'E99F2SZP0US)?'6?*U#62:OJ]_LVMOKZDNF
M9?_+5+
946[<BR[;B^;4=I&+D?

4_4Q3B

3,43B5['![.$5JV]L!&QF/L1V'VI+,_ECQ;!DE\
MU;E%%/FR'QMJ(B\B=Z7(TTZJ%!GS7X=K,25EL_G`C)J%:/#?\?

2
M$;Z!@3&PD4BN?/W(6;S
*Y1/&`4XFB^:JUZ7=5D(FR5]-DU@\FXF)U/K+C^$0+\V2RS^NDUY<GZP*
M/N*7Z,)G[K?,N*Y,C99#3PL=S(<HH]O`=C-,,%OEXG3`&?_7]/4AB).F7EM
8SO^S
M(&,T1H2OI-1+QB$HE(SE7J<M\<#]S@4FOT`_^!,4B


MM(


AJ8P5)C3EGAXLWYD


8SS+F\W2E)^YH`/Q+CJ;C0YQ)QOIHQ_HRX%Z;9
M87G4UH=S+^=$'2P1BT&]JZ'$_


HYE0^
MR:YAW(X_Z@7_


M&-BVS[
7*P-Y4RZ`KL]2S1D_&?F.^%YW(#QHH$*VN
M`.%44[*X

^H*$8)21'*(.`\@1830
M8=<LP:'T;G')41RE2'_FG/&\@6Q%TM`I`AV-:/+OO6A$#5TA:1;IH4[RV6V



+1H?

Q%N8KT3_\/E%)KI6

M9?O_/[V?D
`G^(8=)U#W:!'\3US


JEY'OL8O(D5*T.WVTHA\X=J9^-T1R;V5]4[I*9P2
3

M
K].FC6UR3$)ERS4M]L






MQE=#GPB'OP[JU[&7'LZ]`J_N.U:WD98O?JO\

[R43
71Q4RVG^9=D9?L

M1'D



34P
S

M#@``!#D!``!02P$'@,4``````TA

`%0`8```````!


34P
S


#$U
#
S

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment Estimated Useful Lives) (Details)

        

      






        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment
        


        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
















March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014

Accrued discount
 rebate and slotting fee


24
861



18
911




8
825



9
469




3
404



6
793




3
980



5
593




5
720



5
214




46
790



45
980






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20
24)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        










 2015


 million for milk powder and whey powder within the next twelve months. According to the French Project's contracts with Sodiaal and Euroserum
 the Company committed to purchase
 and Sodiaal and Euroserum committed to sell
24
 years

% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey
 years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 to satisfy the production needs of the new drying facility. As the price of raw milk and whey for the next ten year cannot be predicted with precision
 the commitment amount above excludes the raw milk and whey purchase commitment of the French Project.







 2015
 the Company's capital expenditure commitments of $







 respectively
 under non-cancellable operating lease
 as well as office facilities and warehouses under non-cancellable operating leases. The operating lease commitments of the Company at March 31
 2015 are as follows:
















1
820




1
718




1
718




1
718




1
718




47
298




55
990



 million
 million
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































Net income (loss) attributable to Synutra International
 Inc. common stockholders
$ 24
092
$ 17
264
$ 10
237
$ 17
940
$ 10
094
$ 9
987
$ 6
073
$ 4
775
$ 69
533
$ 30
929
$ (63
888)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(11
991)
1
701
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(7
011)
        
(3
141)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(19
002)
1
701
(3
375)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
50
530
32
630
(67
261)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Net income (loss) attributable to Synutra International
 Inc. common stockholders
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
69
533
30
929
(63
888)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(11
992)
1
701
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(7
011)
        
(3
141)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(19
003)
1
701
(3
373)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 50
530
$ 32
630
$ (67
261)




        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




































































85
975



102
464



115
331



110
171



82
205



88
556



101
034



98
739




38
763



43
900



52
717



54
174



36
081



38
889



40
303



38
234




17
940



10
237



17
264



24
092



4
775



6
073



9
987



10
094




57
301



57
301



57
301



57
301



57
301



57
301



57
301



57
301






































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Intangible Assets
 Net (Tables)

        

      






Intangible Assets
 Net [Abstract]
        


        
        











March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014













2
588



4
270





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 5
220
$ 2
329
$ 3
538




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 110
171
$ 115
331
$ 102
464
$ 85
975
$ 98
739
$ 101
034
$ 88
556
$ 82
205
$ 413
941
$ 370
534
$ 265
770


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
397
234
355
218
260
211


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 16
707
$ 15
316
$ 5
559




        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






 Inc. and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Company or Synutra) are principally engaged in production
 distribution and sales of dairy based nutritional products under the Shengyuan or Synutra line of brands in the People's Republic of China (China or PRC). The Company focuses on selling powdered formula products for infant and adult
 and also engages in other nutritional product offerings
 such as certain nutritional supplement.




        
          

        
          
            

 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 5
220
$ 2
329
$ 3
538


Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
4
651
1
780
2
470


Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd. [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 7
113
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
(11
300)
        
36
550


        
(4
449)
        
37
186


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
4
719
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
(12
828)
        
36
550


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
2
477
        
        


        
1
528
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 145
639
$ 115
917


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
29
306
86
497


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
6
502


        
        
5
267


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
2
438


        
        
3
929


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
116
333
20
480


        
$ 68
966
$ 17
006




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





 who reviews consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Company. In fiscal years 2014 and 2013
 the Company operated and reported its performance in four segments. However
 starting from fiscal year 2015
 the Company has operated the Powdered Formula and Foods segments as a single business segment based on a shared distribution network and similar marketing strategies. Therefore
 reportable segments for fiscal year 2015
 and the segment information in prior years was restated to be consistent with the current year reportable segments. The three reportable segments are:

 - Sales of powdered infant and adult formula products
 and prepared foods.

 - Sales of nutritional supplement such as chondroitin sulfate to external customers
 and microencapsulated Docosahexanoic Acid (DHA) and Arachidonic Acid (ARA) to powdered formula segment.

 - Other business includes non-core businesses such as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers
 providing genetic diagnostic services for new born babies
 and sales of cosmetics to pregnant women.



















Year Ended March 31





















































































































































































































































March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014











626
317



505
799




38
878



51
289




2
169



2
422




10
528








(13
007



(9
672




664
885



550
683













180
495



139
487




14
039



15
807




1
208



1
496




195
742



156
790























Year Ended March 31















397
234



355
218



260
211




16
707



15
316



5
559




413
941



370
534



265
770




 consisted of property
 plant and equipment
 land use rights
 and intangible assets
 are located in the following areas:













March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014




104
594



137
057




91
148



19
733




195
742



156
790



 2014 and 2013.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      

 Plant And Equipment

      
      

 Plant And Equipment



      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      

 Plant And Equipment

      
      

 Plant And Equipment



      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Tax Receivables And Others (Schedule Of Prepayments

      
      

 Tax Receivables And Others (Schedule Of Prepayments



      
      
      

 Plant And Equipment

      
      

 Plant And Equipment



      
      
      

 Plant And Equipment

      
      

 Plant And Equipment



      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Credits

      
      

 Credits



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    

Mar. 31


Dec. 31


Sep. 30


Jun. 30


Mar. 31


Dec. 31


Sep. 30


Jun. 30

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
15
816
        


        
18
931
        


        
11
041
        


        
7
890
        


        
        
        


        
7
806
7
898


        
$ 7
890
        




        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including amounts paid by the lessee to the lessor for insurance
 maintenance and taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Prepayments
 Tax Receivables And Others (Tables)

        

      






Prepayments
 Tax Receivables And Others [Abstract]
        


Schedule Of Prepayments
 Tax Receivables And Others
        











March 31
 2015


March 31
 2014




8
544



9
287




5
056



6
821




4
086



2
193




3
586



2
898




5
740








27
012



22
028





        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






















March 31
 2015

March 31
 2014






















Total debt











Long-term debt







































March 31
 2015

March 31
 2014
5











3











68
17




































 2015
. The weighted average interest rate on short-term debt outstanding at March 31
%
 respectively. Certain portion of these debts use floating interest rates
 which are calculated based on the benchmark lending interest rate published by China's central bank or on LIBOR. are &#128;




 including current portion
 as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 are comprised of:













March 31
 2015

March 31
 2014















































March 31
 2015

March 31
 2014













































 2015
 among the long-term debts which were borrowed in Mainland China
 million were credit debts. These debts used floating interest rates
 which are calculated based on the benchmark lending interest rate published by China's central bank
 is restricted to the purpose of construction of the French project as of March 31
 2015.

March 31

 million. These debts used floating interest rates
 which are calculated based on LIBOR. The maturity dates of the used facility range from&nbsp;


 2015
 million. These debts used floating interest rates
 which are calculated based on LIBOR. The maturity dates of the borrowed debts range from&nbsp;


 2015
 million) from a bank. This facility used floating interest rate
 years
 commencing from the actual drawdown date. This facility was pledged by all the long-lived assets of Synutra France. The Company had begun to use the facility in April 2015.


%
 respectively.


 million
 million as of March 31
 2015
 respectively.


 including current and non-current portion
 subject to mandatory redemption are as follows:








Year Ending March 31











































 million
 million
 million
 nil and nil
 for fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













