

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-19-004276
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181229
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190329
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TOFUTTI BRANDS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000730349
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ICE CREAM & FROZEN DESSERTS [2024]
		IRS NUMBER:				133094658
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09009
		FILM NUMBER:		19717253
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 JACKSON DR
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 786
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9082722400
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 JACKSON DRIVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 786
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TOFU TIME INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860619








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

 D.C. 20549

Form
10-K



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.


For
the fiscal year ended December 29
 2018



    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.


Commission
File Number: 1-9009

TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.




    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization)
    
Identification
    No.)




50
    Jackson Drive
 Cranford
 New Jersey
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)


(908)
272-2400
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Title
of each class
Common Stock
 par value $0.01 per share

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes
[X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer 
    
    
Accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Non-accelerated
    filer 
    
(Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller
    reporting company 
    
    
Emerging
    growth company [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act.
[&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.)

Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the most recently completed second fiscal
quarter: $4
026
741.

As
of March 25
 2019
 the issuer had 5
153
706 shares of common stock
 par value $0.01
 outstanding.





    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



PART
    I
    

    
Item
    1.
    
    

    
Item
    1A. 
Risk
    Factors.
    

    
Item
    
Unresolved
    Staff Comments.
    

    
Item
    2.
    
    

    
Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings.
    

    
Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.
    

PART
    II
    

    
Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    

    
Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data.
    

    
Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
    

    
Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.
    

    
Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data.
    

    
Item
    9.
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
    

    
Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures.
    

    
Item
    9B.
Other
    Information.
    

PART
    III
    

    
Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    

    
Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation.
    

    
Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
    

    
Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    

    
Item
    14.
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services.
    

PART
    IV
    

    
Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules.
    

    
    



    
    




We
are engaged in the development
 production and marketing of TOFUTTI&reg; brand dairy free
 vegan frozen desserts
 cheeses
and other food products. TOFUTTI products are soy and other vegetable protein-based
 vegan
 dairy free products which contain
no butterfat
 cholesterol or lactose.

As
used in this annual report
 the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; mean Tofutti Brands Inc.
 unless
otherwise indicated. Statements made in this annual report concerning the contents of any contract
 agreement or other document
are summaries of such contracts
 agreements or documents and are not complete descriptions of all of their terms. If we filed
any of these documents as an exhibit to this annual report or to any previous filling with the Securities and Exchange Commission
you may read the document itself for a complete recitation of its terms.

Except
for the historical information contained in this annual report
 the statements contained in this annual report are &ldquo;forward-looking
statements&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 or the Exchange Act
 as amended
 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 as amended
 with
respect to our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Such forward-looking statements reflect our current view
with respect to future events and financial results. We urge you to consider that statements which use the terms &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;do not believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;anticipate&rdquo; and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We remind readers that forward-looking
statements are merely predictions and therefore inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors and involve known and unknown
risks that could cause the actual results
 performance
 levels of activity
 or our achievements
 or industry results
 to be materially
different from any future results
 performance
 levels of activity
 or our achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements are also included in Item 1. &ldquo;Business&rdquo; and Item 7. &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&rdquo; Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements to reflect new information
 future events or circumstances
 or otherwise after the date hereof. We
have attempted to identify significant uncertainties and other factors affecting forward-looking statements in the Risk Factors
section that appears in Item 1A. &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;

We
operate on a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal years for the financial statements included herein
are the fifty-two week period ended December 29
 2018 (fiscal 2018) and the fifty-two week period ended December 30
 2017 (fiscal
2017).


    
    


PART
I

Item
1. Business.



We
are engaged in the development
 production and marketing of TOFUTTI&reg; brand dairy free
 vegan frozen desserts
 cheeses
and other food products. TOFUTTI products are vegan
 dairy free products which contain no butterfat
 cholesterol or lactose
and use soy and other vegetable proteins. Our products are 100% dairy free yet offer the same texture and full-bodied taste as
their dairy counterparts. Our products are also free of cholesterol and derive their fat from corn and palm oils
 each naturally
lower in saturated fat than dairy products. With the exception of Mintz&rsquo;s Blintzes
 all of our products are completely vegan
and our vegan cheese products are gluten free as well. In addition
 all of our products are certified kosher-parve and all of
our vegan cheese products are also certified halal.

We
were organized under the laws of the State of New York in 1981 and became a Delaware corporation in 1984. Our registered office
and principal executive offices are located at 50 Jackson Drive
 Cranford
 New Jersey 07016
 our telephone number is 908-272-2400.
Our address on the Internet is www.tofutti.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual
report.



Our
objective is to be a leading provider of dairy free
 vegan food products
 primarily cheese products and frozen desserts
 to supermarkets
health food stores
 and food service customers in the United States and abroad. We intend to continue to introduce new products
that offer good taste while containing no butterfat
 cholesterol or dairy to these markets.

We
focus our marketing efforts toward those consumers who find our products essential to their everyday diets because of health
lifestyle or religious reasons. As part of this strategy
 we seek to achieve brand awareness through product innovation
 eye-catching
packaging
 trade advertising
 and a strong word-of-mouth marketing program. We believe that our ability to offer a wide range
of dairy free
 vegan
 and kosher-parve products will continue to provide us with a competitive advantage.

TOFUTTI
PRODUCT LINE

We
offer a broad product line vegan
 dairy free products that use soy or other vegetable based proteins. Our dairy free products
include frozen desserts
 cheeses and spreads
 and other frozen food products.

Frozen
Desserts



    
    
Premium
 dairy free frozen dessert
 available in pre-packed pints
 three-gallon cans
 and soft serve mix
 is sold
    nationally in supermarkets
 health food stores
 retail shops
was the first dairy
    free frozen dessert to be marketed to the general public through supermarkets. We currently offer six flavors of premium
in pints
 three flavors in three gallon bulk cans and one soft-serve flavor.

    
    
    

    
    
TOFUTTI
    CUTIES&reg;
 our best-selling frozen dessert product
 are bite size frozen sandwiches combining a choice of one of four
    different fillings between two chocolate wafers. Half the size of traditional ice cream sandwiches
 
    offer consumers a portion controlled treat. Unlike ice cream sandwiches
 are totally dairy free
 without butterfat
    or cholesterol
 yet with the same great taste that makes ice cream sandwiches one of the bestselling novelties in the freezer
    case. Tofutti Cuties come in three flavors: vanilla
 chocolate and mint chocolate chip. Like all our frozen dessert products
    they are completely trans-fat free
 including the wafers.

    
    
    

    
    
YOURS
set in a chocolate-coated crispy cone
 then covered
    in deep
 rich chocolate and topped with a crispy chocolate cookie crunch.




    
    


Dairy
Free Vegan Cheese Products



    
    
BETTER
    THAN CREAM CHEESE&reg;
 but is dairy free
 butterfat-free
    gluten-free and contains no cholesterol. It is as versatile as real cream cheese
 whether spread on a bagel
 used as a dip
    for snack items
 such as crackers or chips
comes in three
    flavors
 plain
 Herb &amp; Chives
 and Garlic &amp; Herb and is available in 8 oz. retail packages and in 5 lb. containers
    and 30 lb. bulk boxes for food service customers.

    
    
    

    
    
TOFUTTI
available in a
    14 oz. container. It is available in many supermarkets and health food stores.

    
    
    

    
    
SOUR
    SUPREME&reg;
 but is dairy free
 butterfat-free
 gluten-free
has the versatility of sour cream with the added benefit of being dairy free.
    The 12 oz. retail packages are available in plain and guacamole. The plain version is also available in 5 lb. containers for

 SOUR SUPREME 
    and select supermarkets.

    
    
    

    
    
TOFUTTI
    VEGAN CHEESE SLICES&trade;
 gluten-free
 vegan alternative to regular cheese slices
    and contain no trans fatty acids. Available as individually wrapped slices in 8 oz. packages

    
    version is also available in 40 lb. blocks for food service customers.

    
    
    

    
    
BETTER
    THAN RICOTTA CHEESE&reg;
 
 offers consumers a dairy-free and gluten-free alternative
    that tastes and works just like real ricotta cheese in all their favorite recipes. Available in 16 oz. retail containers
    


Frozen
Food Products



    
    
TOFUTTI
that are dairy and cholesterol free
 yet
are available in freezer cases in select supermarkets and health
    food stores and can be served hot
 warm
 or slightly chilled as a main meal or a snack.




    
    


Planned
2019 Product Introductions

We

 CHOCOLATE FUDGE TREATS
in the second
quarter of 2019. We also plan to introduce a new line of vegan dips and shredded cheddar and mozzarella vegan cheeses in the third
quarter of 2019.

MARKETING
AND DISTRIBUTION

TOFUTTI
products are sold and distributed across the United States and internationally
 and can be found in gourmet specialty shops
 kosher
supermarkets
 natural/health food stores
 and national and regional supermarket chains. All of our products are sold by independent
unaffiliated food brokers to distributors and sometimes on a direct basis to retail chain accounts or to warehouse accounts that
directly service chain accounts. Such direct accounts include Albertsons
 Walmart
 Kroger
 King Soopers
 Fred Meyer
 DeMoulas/Market
Basket
 Wakefern Food Corp.
 and Ahold USA. Food brokers act as our agents within designated territories or for specific accounts
and receive commissions
 which average 5% of net collected sales. Certain key domestic
 kosher
 and food service accounts and
all international accounts are handled directly by us. Our products are also sold in approximately thirty other countries.

We
currently sell our dairy-free vegan cheese products and frozen dessert products in most major markets in the United States
 including
Atlanta
 Baltimore
 Boston
 Charlotte
 Chicago
 Cincinnati
 Cleveland
 Dallas
 Denver
 Detroit
 Houston
 Jacksonville
 Kansas
City
 Los Angeles
 Miami
 Milwaukee
 Minneapolis
 Nashville
 New York
 Orlando
 Philadelphia
 Phoenix
 Portland
 Richmond
 Salt
Lake City
 San Diego
 San Francisco
 Seattle
 St. Louis
 Tampa and Washington
 D.C.

We
currently distribute all of our products by common carrier or by allowing customers to pick-up products from outside storage facilities.
We do not own
 lease or otherwise maintain any vehicles involved in the shipping of our products. From our co-packing facilities
we either ship direct to our customers or we ship to outside public storage facilities from where our customers are able to pick
up their orders. Use of outside storage facilities in several key locations in the United States allows us to provide our customers
with products in a timely fashion. Currently
 we use two warehouses in New Jersey
 one for our frozen dessert and food products
and one for our cheese products
 and one warehouse in northern California for both categories of products.

In
addition to ice cream and cheese distributors
 our products are handled by most major national and regional natural and/or gourmet
specialty distributors in the country. We distribute our products through thirty-nine (39) distributors to the national health
food market.

Our
sales to health food accounts in fiscal 2018 decreased to $5
850
000
 or 45% of total sales
 from approximately $6
916
000
 or
49% of total sales
 in fiscal 2017
 due to the decline in frozen dessert sales to health food accounts. Our sales to the kosher
market increased to $1
498
000
 or 11% of sales
 in fiscal 2018
 from sales of approximately $1
364
000
 or 10% of sales
 in fiscal
2017.

The
following table presents the geographical breakdown of our sales in our largest domestic markets for the last two fiscal years.



    
Fiscal
    Year
Fiscal
    Year

    
December
    29
 2018
December
    30
 2017

    
    
%
    of
    total
    Sales
    
%
    of
    total
    Sales

    
(Dollars
    in thousands)

    
2
068
    
2
160
    

Metropolitan
    New York
1
901
    
1
973
    

    
1
633
    
2
018
    

    
    
    
1
263
    

New
    England
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
038
    

Upstate
    New York
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Rocky
    Mountains
    
    
    
    




    
    


During
fiscal 2018
 we shipped our products to distributors in Australia
 Canada
 Egypt
 England
 Ireland
 Israel
 Mexico
 Panama
 and
South Africa. Our distributor in England acts as our master distributor for all of Europe and part of the Middle East
 excluding
Israel
 and sells our products into approximately twenty other countries. Sales to foreign distributors increased to $2
333
000
or 18% of sales
 in fiscal 2018
 from $1
663
000
 or 12% of sales
 in fiscal 2017. We conduct all of our foreign business in U.S.
dollars. Accordingly
 our future export sales could be adversely affected by an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar against
local currencies
 which could increase the local currency price of our products.



TOFUTTI
frozen desserts compete with all forms of ice cream products
 yogurt-based desserts and other plant-based frozen desserts. We
believe that we are a leader in the dairy free frozen dessert product market and offer the most complete line of dairy free frozen
dessert products. Other plant-based frozen dessert products are presently being sold throughout the United States by established
manufacturers and distributors of ice cream and other frozen dessert products. The ice cream and frozen dessert industry is highly
competitive and most companies with whom we compete are substantially larger and have significantly greater resources than us.
All of our products face substantial competition from dairy free and dairy products marketed by companies with significantly greater
resources than we have. Similar to our frozen desserts
 all our vegan cheese products face stiff competition within their category
from both dairy cheese products and plant-based cheese products.

In
most product categories
 we compete not only with widely advertised branded products
 but also with generic and private label
products that are generally sold at lower prices. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
 product
quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to identify and
satisfy consumer preferences. Our market share and ability to grow our revenue could also be adversely impacted if we are not
successful in introducing innovative products in response to changing consumer demands or by new product introductions of our
competitors. If we are unable to build and sustain brand equity by offering recognizably superior product quality
 we may be unable
to maintain premium pricing over competitive products. We believe that we are able to compete effectively due to our ability to
offer an array of vegan cheese products
 dairy free frozen desserts
 and other food products that contain no butterfat
 cholesterol
or lactose and are 100% dairy free
 yet offer the same texture and full-bodied taste as their dairy counterparts.

PRODUCT
DEVELOPMENT

All
of our current products were developed by us in our own laboratory. David Mintz
 our Chief Executive Officer
 devotes a substantial
amount of his time and effort to new product development and product reformulation. In fiscal 2018 and 2017
 our product development
expenses were approximately $410
000 and $393
000
 respectively. These amounts do not include any portion of Mr. Mintz&rsquo;s
salary. All product development costs are expensed as incurred and are recorded as operating expenses in our financial statements.



    
    




We
believe that all of our products are produced under the strictest quality control procedures that are available in each manufacturing
facility used by us. These quality control procedures include
 but are not limited to
 the cleaning processes utilized prior to
running our products; spot line inspections during production; in-house laboratory testing as required by government agencies;
supervision of all our production by our kosher supervisory service; supervision of all our vegan cheese production by our halal
supervisory service; and random testing by outside independent laboratories to ensure that our internal quality control procedures
and guidelines are being properly followed.

All
of our products are produced by co-packers to whom we supply certain key ingredients and packaging for the manufacturing processes.
Our co-packing facilities are fully licensed and must comply with all state and federal laws and regulations. We currently utilize
five co-packers. Our co-packers manufacture and package our products and
 in certain instances
 warehouse such products pending
shipment. For certain key product categories
 such as dairy free vegan cheeses and dairy free frozen desserts
 we have more than
one co-packer. In selecting an appropriate co-packer
 we take into account all of the preceding factors
 plus cost considerations
such as product processing fees and freight and warehouse expenses.

For
the years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 we purchased approximately 49% and 41% of our finished goods
 respectively
from Franklin Foods

 WHIPPED BETTER THAN CREAM CHEESE
 SOUR SUPREME
 and BETTER
THAN RICOTTA
 and 20% and 17%
 respectively
 of our finished goods from Ice Cream Specialties and Luke&rsquo;s Ice
Cream
 our former and current frozen dessert novelty co-packers.

Relationships
with Co-Packers

We
do not have any written production agreements with our co-packers and do not anticipate that we would encounter any material difficulty
in obtaining alternative production sources
 at a comparable cost
 if one or all of our co-packers decide to terminate their relationships
with us. Nevertheless
 any disruption in supply could have a material adverse effect on our company.

In
order to protect our formulas
 we have entered into confidentiality arrangements with our co-packers and some of our co-packers&rsquo;
employees. All of our employees
 including officers
 sign similar confidentiality agreements. There can be no assurance that such
confidentiality arrangements can or will be maintained
 or that our trade secrets
 know-how and marketing ability cannot be obtained
by others
 or that others do not now possess similar or even more effective capabilities.

In
September 2016
 we were notified by Ice Cream Specialties
 the co-packer of our frozen dessert stick novelties
 Tofutti Cuties
and Yours Truly Cones
 that they would cease manufacturing those products by the end of January 2018. In April 2018 we began production
of our Tofutti Cuties at Luke&rsquo;s Ice Cream
 located in Florida. Luke&rsquo;s Ice Cream began manufacturing Yours Truly Cones
in November 2018 and will begin the manufacture of our frozen dessert novelty bars in the second quarter of 2019.

Kosher
Certification

KOF-K
Kosher Supervision
 or KOF-K
 of Teaneck
 New Jersey provides us with our kosher certification service. Before KOF-K will permit
its certification
 evidenced by its symbol
 to be placed on a product
 KOF-K must approve both the ingredients contained in the
product and the facility processing the product. Approval of the manufacturing facilities we use include periodic inspections
and in most cases
 on-site supervision of actual production. We pay a yearly renewal fee for certification and ongoing fees throughout
the year for supervisory services for each production run. We believe that our ability to successfully market and distribute our
products is dependent upon our continued compliance with the requirements of rabbinical certification. All TOFUTTI products meet
the requirements for certification as kosher-parve.



    
    


Halal
Certification

In
early 2013
 we completed a halal certification process at Franklin Foods
 the co-packer of our 

 products and at Whitehall Specialties
 the
co-packer of our vegan cheese slices and bulk Better Than Mozzarella products. This certification is provided by the Islamic Food
and Nutrition Council of America (IFANCA) of Park Ridge
 Illinois and currently applies only to those products manufactured by
Franklin Foods and Whitehall Specialties. Before IFANCA will permit its certification to be placed on a product
 which is evidenced
by its symbol
 IFANCA must approve both the ingredients contained in the product and the facility processing the product. Approval
of the manufacturing facilities we use includes periodic inspections. There is a yearly renewal fee for certification. All TOFUTTI
vegan cheese products meet the requirements for certification as halal.

TRADEMARKS
AND PATENTS

We
have registered our trademark
 TOFUTTI&reg;
 and other trademarks for our frozen desserts and other products in the United States
and approximately thirty-seven foreign countries. We believe our trademarks are an important means of establishing consumer recognition
for our products and we will vigorously oppose any unauthorized use of our trademarks. We are not currently involved in any trademark
litigation.

Although
we believe that our formulas and processes are proprietary
 we have not sought patent protection for such technology. Instead
we are relying on the complexity of our technology
 on trade secrecy laws and on confidentiality agreements. We believe that our
technology has been independently developed and does not infringe the patents of others.

GOVERNMENT
REGULATION

Companies
engaged in the manufacture
 packaging and distribution of food items are subject to extensive regulation by various government
agencies which
 pursuant to statutes
 rules
 and regulations
 prescribe quality
 purity
 manufacturing and labeling requirements.
Food products are often subject to &ldquo;standard of identity&rdquo; requirements
 which are promulgated at either the Federal
or state level to determine the permissible qualitative and quantitative ingredient content of food. To the extent that any product
that we seek to market does not conform to an applicable standard
 special permission to market such a product is required.

Our
United States product labels are subject to regulation by the United States Food and Drug Administration
 or the FDA. Such regulations
include standards for product descriptions
 nutritional claims
 label format
 minimum type sizes
 content and location of nutritional
information panels
 nutritional comparisons
 and ingredient content panels. Our labels
 ingredients and manufacturing processes
are subject to inspection by the FDA. We believe that we are in compliance with current labeling requirements and conduct periodic
reviews to make certain that such compliance is on-going.

The
Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the Food Safety Modernization Act and rules and regulations promulgated by the FDA thereunder
 contain
no specific Federal standard of identity which is applicable to our products. Our frozen dessert products meet the New York State
standard of identity for &ldquo;parevine
&rdquo; which has been adopted by at least eight other states. Many states require registration
and label review before food products can be sold. While approval in one jurisdiction generally indicates the products will meet
with approval in other jurisdictions
 there is no assurance that approval from other jurisdictions will be forthcoming. Additionally
many of our major customers now require that any food products that they purchase be produced in Safe Quality Food
 or SQF
 manufacturing
facilities. The SQF program is recognized by the Global Food Safety Initiative and provides a rigorous system to manage food safety
risks and provide safe products use by companies in the food industry. All of our current co-packers are SQF certified or are
in the process of becoming certified.



    
    


Food
manufacturing facilities are subject to inspections by various safety
 health and environmental regulatory authorities. A finding
of a failure to comply with one or more regulatory requirements can result in the imposition of sanctions including the closing
of all or a portion of a company&rsquo;s facilities
 subject to a period during which the company can remedy the alleged violations.
Our Cranford
 New Jersey facility is subject to inspection by the New Jersey-Kosher Enforcement Bureau and the New Jersey Environmental
Health Services. We believe that we
 our distributors and our co-packers are in compliance in all material respects with governmental
regulations regarding our current products and have obtained the material governmental permits
 licenses
 qualifications and approvals
required for our operations. Our compliance with Federal
 state and local environmental laws has not materially affected us either
economically or in the manner in which we conduct our business. However
 there can be no assurance that our company
 our distributors
and our co-packers will be able to comply with such laws and regulations in the future or that new governmental laws and regulations
will not be introduced that could prevent or temporarily inhibit the development
 distribution and sale of our products to consumers.

New
government laws and regulations may be introduced in the future that could result in additional compliance costs
 seizures
 confiscations
recalls or monetary fines
 any of which could prevent or inhibit the development
 distribution and sale of our products. If we
fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations
 we may be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls
or seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
and financial condition.



We
employed nine persons on a full-time basis in fiscal 2018 and eight persons on a full-time basis in fiscal 2017. We do not have
any collective bargaining agreements with our employees.

Item
1A. Risk Factors.

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
described below before investing in our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business prospects
 financial
condition and results of operations could be harmed. In that case
 the value of our common stock could decline
 and you could
lose all or part of your investment.

Risks
Related to Our Business

We
may not be able to maintain profitable operations in the future. We may not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations
in the future.

While
we returned to profitable operations in fiscal 2016 and maintained profitable operations in 2017 and 2018
 we incurred losses
in prior years. As of December 29
 2018
 we had $558
000 in cash and cash equivalents and our working capital was $3
896
000.
Our cash and cash equivalents decreased from $1
414
000 as of December 29
 2018 as a result of increases in accounts receivable
and inventory and decreases in accounts payable and accrued expenses. The lack of sufficient working capital has negatively impacted
our ability to introduce and adequately promote new products. To the extent that we incur operating losses in the future or are
unable to generate free cash flows from our business
 we may not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations and will
be required to obtain additional financing. Such financing may not be available
 or
 if available
 may not be on terms satisfactory
to us. If adequate funds are not available to us
 our business
 and results of operations and financial condition will be adversely
affected.



    
    


Interruptions
in the supply of products from our co-packers and suppliers could adversely affect our revenues.

We
depend on a limited number of suppliers for ingredients
 packaging materials and the production of our products. We do not produce
any of our own products. For the year ended December 29
 2018
 we purchased approximately 49% of our finished goods from Franklin
Foods

 WHIPPED BETTER THAN CREAM CHEESE
 SOUR SUPREME
BETTER THAN RICOTTA

 and purchased approximately 20% of our finished goods from Ice Cream Specialties and Luke&rsquo;s Ice Cream
 our
former and current frozen dessert novelty co-packers.

In
September 2016
 we were notified by Ice Cream Specialties
 the then co-packer of our frozen dessert stick novelties
 Tofutti Cuties
and Yours Truly Cones
 that they would cease manufacturing those products by the end of January 2018. In April 2018 we began production
of our Tofutti Cuties at Luke&rsquo;s Ice Cream
 located in Florida. Luke&rsquo;s began manufacturing Yours Truly Cones in November
2018 and we expect that they will initiate the manufacture of our frozen dessert novelty bars in the second quarter of 2019. Our
frozen dessert pints are produced by Leiby&rsquo;s Dairy in Pennsylvania. Any future disruption in supply could have a further
material adverse effect on our company.

We
have little control over the suppliers of ingredients to our co-packers. Disruptions in these relationships may reduce our sales
and revenues. Overall difficulty of suppliers meeting product demand
 interruptions in the supply chain
 obstacles or delays in
the process of renegotiating or renewing agreements with preferred suppliers
 financial difficulties experienced by suppliers
or the deficiency
 lack
 or poor quality of alternative suppliers could adversely impact our sales which
 in turn
 would adversely
affect our business and operating results. We believe that
 if necessary
 we could obtain available alternative sources of supply
for each of our products. Depending on the product
 that might entail using more than one source of supply.

Our
operations may be adversely affected by failure to maintain or renegotiate distribution
 supply or manufacturing agreements on
favorable terms.

We
have a number of distribution
 supply and co-packing agreements for our supplies and products. These agreements vary depending
on the particular supply and/or product. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew these agreements on favorable
terms or that these agreements will not be terminated. Termination of these agreements or failure to renew these agreements on
favorable terms could have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

We
are indebted to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to a promissory note which is secured by substantially all of
our assets. Any failure to meet our obligations under the note could materially harm our business
 financial condition and results
of operations.

On
January 6
 2016
 we received a $500
000 loan from Mr. David Mintz
 our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. The
loan bears interest at 5% per annum and may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. The loan is
secured by substantially all of our assets and is convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per
share
 at the option of the holder. Initially due on December 31
 2017
 the loan has been extended until December 31
 2020.

In
the event we are unable to repay the loan
 or if there is an event of default
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the
interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all of our other
obligations under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
 and Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and
all remedies available to him. Any failure to meet our obligations under the note could materially harm our business
 financial
condition and results of operations.



    
    


Successful
customer relationships are vital to our business and continued growth.

We
must maintain strong relationships with our existing customers and build relationships with new customers in order to ensure our
products are well presented to our consumers and available for purchase in major markets. The strength of our customer relationships
also affects our ability to obtain pricing and competitive trade terms. Failure to maintain strong relationships with customers
could negatively impact our terms of business with affected customers and reduce the availability of our products to consumers.

We
rely on a limited number of key executives to manage our business.

Our
success is significantly dependent on the services of David Mintz (age 87)
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Steven Kass (age 67)
Chief Financial Officer. The loss of the services of either of these persons could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations.

As
a branded goods business
 our success depends on the value and relevance of our brand and products to consumers and on our ability
to innovate and remain competitive.

Consumer
tastes
 preferences and behaviors are constantly changing and our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes and to continue
to maintain loyalty to our brand and products is vital to our business. We are dependent on creating innovative products that
continue to meet the needs of our consumers. If we are unable to innovate effectively
 our sales or margins could be materially
adversely affected.

The
successful introduction of innovative products and packaging on a periodic basis has become increasingly important to our ability
to maintain and grow our sales. Accordingly
 the future degree of market acceptance of any of our new products
 and continued
acceptance of our current products
 which may be accompanied by significant promotional expenditures
 is likely to have an important
impact on our future financial results.

Our
suppliers are subject to federal
 state and local government regulations that could adversely affect our business and financial
position.

Virtually
all food manufacturing operations are subject to regulation by various federal
 state and local government entities and agencies.
As producers of food products for human consumption
 our suppliers are subject to stringent production
 packaging
 quality
 labeling
and distribution standards
 including regulations mandated by the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the Food Safety Modernization
Act
 the FDA
 OSHA
 the EPA and the USDA. Future regulation by various federal
 state or local governmental entities or agencies
could
 among other things
 increase our suppliers&rsquo; cost of production
 cause them to incur unexpected expenditures or encumber
productivity
 any of which may adversely affect our business and financial results.

We
may not be able to compete effectively in the highly competitive frozen dessert and health food markets.

The
frozen dessert
 dairy free cheese food and health food markets are highly competitive. In addition
 many of our principal competitors
are large
 diversified companies with resources significantly greater than ours. We expect strong competition to continue
 including
competition for adequate distribution and competition for the limited shelf space for the frozen dessert and dairy free cheese
food categories in supermarkets and other retail food outlets. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to identify
and satisfy consumer preferences. Our market share and ability to grow our revenue could also be adversely impacted if we are
not successful in introducing innovative products in response to changing consumer demands or by new product introductions of
our competitors. If we are unable to build and sustain brand equity by offering recognizably superior product quality
 we may
be unable to maintain premium pricing over competitive products.



    
    


From
time to time
 we and our customers experience price pressure in some of our markets as a result of competitors&rsquo; promotional
pricing practices as well as general market conditions. Our failure to match or exceed our competitors&rsquo; cost reductions
through innovative products and other improvements could weaken our competitive position. Competition is based on product quality
reliability
 food safety
 distribution effectiveness
 brand loyalty
 price
 effective promotional activities
 the ability to identify
and satisfy emerging consumer preferences and the ability to provide ancillary support services. We may not be able to compete
effectively with these larger
 more diversified companies.

A
material change in consumer demand for our products could have a significant impact on our business.

We
are a consumer food products company and rely on continued demand for our products. To achieve business goals
 we must develop
and sell products that appeal to consumers. If demand and growth rates fall substantially below expected levels or our market
share declines significantly in these businesses
 our results could be negatively impacted. This could occur due to unforeseen
negative economic or political events or to changes in consumer trends and habits.

Our
operating costs are subject to fluctuations which could affect our business results.

The
principal raw materials that we use are commodities that experience price volatility caused by external conditions such as weather
product scarcity
 limited sources of supply
 commodity market fluctuations
 currency fluctuations
 and changes in governmental
agricultural and energy policies and regulations. Commodity price changes may result in unexpected increases in raw material
packaging
 and energy costs. Therefore
 our success is dependent
 in part
 on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations
through pricing actions
 cost savings projects and sourcing decisions. In the manufacturing and general overhead areas
 we need
to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements
 including any key sole supplier and manufacturing plant arrangements.

Economic
conditions adversely affecting consumer discretionary spending may negatively impact our business and operating results.

We
believe that our revenues and profitability are strongly correlated to consumer discretionary spending
 which is influenced by
general economic conditions
 unemployment levels
 and the availability of discretionary income. In an economic downturn our business
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Natural
disasters
 terrorist attacks or breaches of network or information technology security could have an adverse effect on our business.

Natural
disasters
 cyber-attacks or other breaches of network or information technology (IT) security
 terrorist acts or acts of war may
cause disrupt our systems and operations. We expect that our inability to operate our facilities as a result of such events
 even
for a limited period of time
 may result in significant expenses and/or loss of market share to our competitors. While we maintain
insurance coverage for some of these events
 the potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the insurance
coverage we maintain. Any of these occurrences could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition.



    
    


Our
operating results vary quarterly.

ales
to our major customers fluctuate widely from period to period and there is no way to accurately predict that their sales pattern
from one year will be repeated in the corresponding period of the next fiscal year. Due to the foregoing factors
 in some future
quarter our operating results may be below the expectations of investors. In such event
 it is likely that the price of our common
stock would be materially adversely affected.

We
have no registered patents. The absence of patent protection could adversely affect our results of operations.

We
rely upon the confidentiality of our formulas and our know-how rather than upon patent protection. There is no assurance that
such confidentiality can or will be maintained or that our know-how cannot be obtained by others or that others do not now possess
similar or even more effective capabilities. The failure to maintain the confidentiality of our know-how could adversely affect
our operating results.

We
are subject to risks associated with international operations

In
fiscal 2018
 approximately 18% of our revenues were from international sales. Although we intend to expand our international operations
we cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain or increase international market demand for our products. To the extent
that we cannot do so in a timely manner
 our business
 operating results and financial condition will be adversely affected. International
operations are subject to inherent risks
 including the following:



    
    
different
    and changing regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we currently operate or may operate in the future;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    impact of possible recessionary environments in multiple foreign markets;

    
    
    

    
    
export
    restrictions
 tariffs and other trade barriers;

    
    
    

    
    
difficulties
    in managing and supporting foreign operations;

    
    
    

    
    
longer
    payment cycles;

    
    
    

    
    
difficulties
    in collecting accounts receivable;

    
    
    

    
    
political
    and economic changes
 hostilities and other disruptions in regions where we currently sell or products or may sell our products
    in the future; and

    
    
    

    
    
seasonal
    reductions in business activities.


Negative
developments in any of these areas in one or more countries could result in a reduction in demand for our products
 the cancellation
or delay of orders already placed
 difficulty in collecting receivables
 and a higher cost of doing business
 any of which could
adversely affect our business
 results of operations or financial condition.

We
may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

Our
foreign transactions are always in U.S. dollars. Therefore
 our future export sales could be adversely affected by an increase
in the value of the U.S. dollar
 which could increase the local currency price of our products. Although exposure to currency
fluctuations to date has not had a material effect on our business
 there can be no assurance such fluctuations in the future
will not materially and adversely affect our revenues from international sales and
 consequently
 our business
 operating results
and financial condition.



    
    


Incidents
involving food-borne illnesses
 food tampering
 or food contamination involving our products or our supply chain could create
negative publicity and significantly harm our operating results.

While
we and our co-packers dedicate substantial resources to food safety matters to enable customers to enjoy safe
 quality food products
food safety events
 including instances of food-borne illness (such as salmonella or E. Coli)
 have occurred in the food industry
in the past
 and could occur in the future. Instances or reports
 whether true or not
 of food-safety issues
 such as food-borne
illnesses
 food tampering
 food contamination or mislabeling
 either during the growing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 storing
 or
preparation of products
 have in the past severely injured the reputations of companies in the frozen desert and dairy sectors
and could affect us as well. Any report linking us
 our suppliers or co-packers to food-borne illnesses or food tampering
 contamination
mislabeling
 or other food-safety issues could damage the value of our brands immediately and severely hurt sales of our products
and possibly lead to product liability claims
 litigation (including class actions)
 or other damages. In addition
 food safety
incidents
 whether or not involving our brands
 could result in negative publicity for the industry or market segments in which
we operate. Increased use of social media could create and/or amplify the effects of negative publicity. This negative publicity
may reduce demand for our products.

Product
liability suits
 if brought
 could have a material adverse effect on our business.

From
time to time in the normal course of our business
 we become subject to product liability claims. If a product liability claim
exceeding our insurance coverage were to be successfully asserted against us
 it could harm our business. We cannot assure you
that such coverage will be sufficient to insure against claims which may be brought against us
 or that we will be able to maintain
such insurance or obtain additional insurance covering existing or new products. As a marketer of food products
 we are subject
to the risk of claims for product liability. We maintain general product liability and umbrella insurance coverage and generally
require that our co-packers maintain product liability insurance with us as a co-insured. Similarly
 most of our customers require
us to name them as additional insureds as well
 and in some cases we are required to sign hold harmless and indemnification agreements.

Our
failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have an
adverse effect on our financial results and the market price of our common stock.

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 imposes certain duties on us and our executives and directors. Our efforts to comply with the requirements
of Section 404 have resulted in increased general and administrative expense and a diversion of management time and attention
and we expect these efforts to require the continued commitment of resources. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us
to provide management&rsquo;s annual review and evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting in connection with
the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for each fiscal year. Based on our evaluation under the frameworks described above
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective
as of December 29
 2018 because of the following material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting:



    
    
a
    continuing lack of sufficient resources and an insufficient level of monitoring and oversight
 which may restrict our ability
    to gather
 analyze and report information relative to the financial statements in a timely manner.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    limited size of the accounting department makes it impracticable to achieve an optimum separation of duties and monitoring
    of internal controls.




    
    


Our
failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could result in investigation or sanctions by regulatory
authorities
 and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results
 investor confidence in our reported financial
information
 and the market price of our common stock.

Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock

Our
announced exploration of strategic alternatives has not resulted in any transaction
 and speculation and uncertainty regarding
the outcome of any further exploration of strategic alternatives may adversely impact our business.

On
September 30
 2016
 we announced that we had engaged a financial advisor and were pursuing strategic alternatives to enhance shareholder
value
 including a possible sale or other form of business combination. In August 2017
 we announced that we had terminated our
engagement with the financial advisor. While we are continuing to pursue value-enhancing initiatives
 there can be no assurance
that any transaction will be consummated. The process of exploring strategic alternatives involves the dedication of significant
resources and the incurrence of significant costs and expenses. If we are unable to mitigate these or other potential risks related
to the uncertainty caused by our exploration of strategic alternatives
 it may disrupt our business or adversely impact our revenue
operating results
 and financial condition.

Our
principal shareholder has the ability to control the policies and management of our company.

Our
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 David Mintz
 holds 2
630
440 shares of common stock representing approximately
51.0% of the outstanding shares. For as long as Mr. Mintz has a controlling interest in our company
 he will have the ability
to exercise a controlling influence over our business and affairs
 including any determinations with respect to potential mergers
or other business combinations involving us
 our acquisition or disposition of assets
 our incurrence of indebtedness
 our issuance
of any additional common shares or other equity securities
 our repurchase or redemption of common shares and our payment of dividends.
Similarly
 as long as Mr. Mintz has a controlling interest in our company
 he will have the power to determine the outcome of
matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders
 including the power to elect all of the members of our board of directors and
prevent an acquisition or any other change in control of us.

Trading
on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets may be volatile and sporadic
 which could depress the market price of our common stock and
make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares.

Since
October 24
 2016 our common stock has been quoted on the OTCQB tier of the electronic quotation system operated by OTC Markets.
Trading in stock quoted on the OTC Markets is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices
 due to many
factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of
our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover
 the OTC Markets is not a stock exchange
 and trading
of securities on the OTC Markets is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like NASDAQ
or a stock exchange like the NYSE MKT. Accordingly
 shareholders may have difficulty reselling any of their shares and the lack
of liquidity may negatively impact our ability to pursue strategic alternatives.



    
    


Penny
stock rules will limit the ability of our stockholders to sell their stock.

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; to be any equity security
that has a market price (as defined) less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain
exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules
 which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell to persons other than established customers and &ldquo;accredited investors.&rdquo; The term &ldquo;accredited investor&rdquo;
refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of $5
000
000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of $1
000
000 or
annual income exceeding $200
000 or $300
000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to
a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form
prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission
 which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of
risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the
penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. The bid and offer quotations
 and the broker-dealer
and salesperson compensation information
 must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction
and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer&rsquo;s confirmation. In addition
 the penny stock rules
require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules
 the broker-dealer must make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written
agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the
secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently
 these penny stock rules may affect the
ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit
the marketability of our common stock.

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
 or FINRA
 has adopted sales practice requirements which may also limit a shareholder&rsquo;s
ability to buy and sell our stock.

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above
 FINRA has adopted rules that require that
 in recommending an investment to
a customer
 a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior
to recommending speculative
 low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers
 broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts
to obtain information about the customer&rsquo;s financial status
 tax status
 investment objectives and other information. Under
interpretations of these rules
 FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative
 low-priced securities will not
be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their
customers buy our common stock
 which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market
for its shares.

Volatility
of the market price of our common stock could adversely affect our shareholders and us.

The
market price of our common stock has been subject to fluctuations in the past and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response
to numerous factors
 including the following:



    
    
actual
    or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results or those of our competitors;

    
    
    

    
    
announcements
    by us or our competitors of new and enhanced products;

    
    
    

    
    
developments
    or disputes concerning proprietary rights;

    
    
    

    
    
introduction
    and adoption of new industry standards;

    
    
    

    
    
market
    conditions or trends in our industry;

    
    
    

    
    
announcements
    by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions;

    
    
    

    
    
entry
    into strategic partnerships or joint ventures by us or our competitors;

    
    
    

    
    
additions
    or departures of key personnel;




    
    





    
    
political
    and economic conditions
 such as a recession or interest rate or currency rate fluctuations or political events; and

    
    
    

    
    
other
    events or factors in any of the countries in which we do business
 including those resulting from war
 incidents of terrorism
    natural disasters or responses to such events.


In
addition
 in recent years the stock market has been highly volatile. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may materially
adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares
 regardless of our performance. In the past
 following periods of market
volatility
 shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation relating to the stock trading and price volatility
of the company in question. If we were involved in any securities litigation
 it could result in substantial cost to us to defend
and divert resources and the attention of management from our business.

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends.

Our
policy is to retain earnings
 if any
 for use in our business and
 for this reason
 we do not intend to pay cash dividends on
our shares of common stock in the foreseeable future.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.



Item
2. Properties.

Our
facilities are located in a one-story facility in Cranford
 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses our administrative
offices
 a warehouse
 walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen. Our lease agreement
expired in 1999
 but we continue to occupy the premises under the terms of that agreement
 subject to a six month notification
period from us and the landlord with respect to any changes. We currently have no plans to enter into a long-term lease agreement
for the facility. Our rent expense was $81
000 in both fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017. Our management believes that the Cranford
facility will continue to satisfy our space requirements for the foreseeable future. We rent warehouse storage space at various
outside facilities. Outside warehouse expenses amounted to $448
000 and $507
000 during fiscal 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

We
are not a party to any material litigation.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable.



    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Our
common stock was listed on the American Stock Exchange
 or the AMEX
 on October 29
 1985 and traded on the AMEX or its successor
NYSE MKT
 under the symbol TOF until October 24
 2016 when our common stock began to be quoted on the OTCQB tier of the electronic
quotation system operated by OTC Markets under the symbol TOFB.

Each
share ranks equally as to dividends
 voting rights
 participation in assets on winding-up and in all other respects. No shares
have been or will be issued subject to call or assessment. There are no preemptive rights
 provisions for redemption or for either
cancellation or surrender
 or provisions for sinking or purchase funds.

The
closing price for our common stock on March 25
 2019
 as reported on the OTCQB
 was $1.65.

Holders
of Record

As
of March 25
 2019
 there were approximately 356 direct holders of record of our common stock.



We
have not paid and have no present intention of paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

2014
Equity Incentive Plan

Our
shareholders adopted our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) on June 10
 2014. As of December 29
 2018
 we had
issued 80
000 non-qualified stock option awards under the Plan. No option awards were granted in the two fiscal years ended December
29
 2018. The Plan provides for grants of various types of awards (&ldquo;Awards&rdquo;) that are designed to attract and retain
highly qualified employees and directors who will contribute to the success of the company and to provide incentives to participants
in this Plan that are linked directly to increases in shareholder value which will
 therefore
 inure to the benefit of all of
our shareholders. The Plan will expire on June 9
 2024. The Plan makes 250
000 shares of our common stock available for Awards
under the Plan. The Plan also permits performance-based Awards paid under the Plan to be tax deductible to the company as &ldquo;performance-based
compensation&rdquo; under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &ldquo;Code&rdquo;).



The
Plan is administered in accordance with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code (but only to the extent necessary and desirable
to qualify Awards under the Plan as &ldquo;performance-based compensation&rdquo; under Section 162(m)) and
 to the extent applicable
Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act (&ldquo;Rule 16b-3&rdquo;)
 by the Board or
 at the Board&rsquo;s sole discretion
 by the compensation
or any other committee of the Board
 as appointed by the Board (the &ldquo;Administrator&rdquo;).

Eligible
Participants

Incentive
stock options
 or ISOs
 may be granted only to employees (including officers and directors who are also employees) of the company.
Options and stock appreciation rights may be granted only to eligible participants as to whom company shares constitute &ldquo;service
recipient stock
&rdquo; within the meaning of the regulations under Section 409A of the Code. All other Awards may be granted
to employees
 officers and directors of the company. An Eligible Participant may be granted more than one Award under the Plan.



    
    


The
Plan allows us to grant ISOs to our employees and non-statutory stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 performance
grants
 stock bonuses and any other types of equity-based awards to our employees
 officers and directors. We believe that our
ability to grant this broad array of equity incentives is critical to secure
 retain and motivate our employees and directors
and to respond to market conditions and best practices
 while at the same time balancing such issuances and the potential dilution
to our stockholders.

Sales
of Unregistered Securities

There
were no sales of unregistered securities during fiscal 2018.

Purchase
of Equity Securities By the Issuer and Affiliates

We
did not purchase any shares of our common stock in the thirteen weeks ended December 29
 2018 (the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018).

Item
6. Selected Financial Data.

Not
applicable.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The
following is management&rsquo;s discussion and analysis of certain significant factors which have affected our financial position
and operating results during the periods included in the accompanying audited financial statements.

Critical
Accounting Policies

Our
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The
preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The policies discussed below are considered by management
to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements because their application places the most significant demands on
management&rsquo;s judgment
 with financial reporting results relying on estimation about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain. Specific risks for these critical accounting policies are described in the following paragraphs. For all of these policies
management cautions that future events rarely develop exactly as forecast
 and the best estimates routinely require adjustment.

Revenue
Recognition.
 frozen desserts and other food products. We recognize revenue
when control over the products transfers to our customers
 which generally occurs when the product is shipped or picked up from
one of our distribution locations by the customer. We account for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities
with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded
net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns. Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade
discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of sale. We base these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical
utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product returns
 are monitored and
adjusted each period until the incentives or product returns are realized.


Key
sales terms
 such as pricing and quantities ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements
and related incentives have a one year or shorter duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize
product fulfillment costs in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. We generally do not have any unbilled receivables
at the end of a period.



    
    


Accounts
Receivable
Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customers&rsquo; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts
receivable are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful
accounts and reserve for sales promotions. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past
due. We determine whether an allowance is necessary by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts
receivable are past due
 our previous loss history
 the customer&rsquo;s current ability to pay its obligation
 and the condition
of the general economy and the industry as a whole. We write-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible
 and payments
subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the bad debt expense account. We do not accrue interest on accounts
receivable past due.

Inventory.

excess of future demand are written down and charged to the provision for inventories. At the point of which loss is recognized
a new
 lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the
restoration or increase in the newly established cost basis.

Fixed
Assets.
 we spent $121
000 on equipment to be used at our new co-packer&rsquo;s frozen dessert facility.
We anticipate that this equipment will begin being used in connection with the production of frozen stick novelty items in the
Depreciation will be provided by charges to income using the straight-line method over the useful
life of ten years.

Income
Taxes
to realize the deferred tax assets based on estimates and assumptions. If these estimates and assumptions change in the future
we may be required to record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets which could result in additional income tax expense.
We will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&rsquo;s assessment
is that the position is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be sustained by the
tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term &ldquo;tax position&rdquo; refers to a position
in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring current
or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred
Revenue and Costs.
 but for
which the transactions have not met our revenue recognition criteria. The cost of the related product has been recorded as deferred
costs on our balance sheets.

Stock
. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing
model to measure the estimated fair value of the options under ASC 718. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the
requisite service period.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

Our
company considers the applicability and impact of all Accounting Standard Updates (&ldquo;ASUs&rdquo;). ASUs not discussed below
were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on our balance sheets or statements
of operations.

In
February 2016
 the FASB established Topic 842
 Leases
 by issuing Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 which requires
lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 was subsequently
amended by ASU No. 2018-01
 Land Easement Practical Expedient for Transition to Topic 842; ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements
to Topic 842
 Leases; ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements; and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors. The
new standard establishes a right-of-use model (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;) that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability
on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating
 with
classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense recognition in the income statement.



    
    


The
new standard was effective for our company on December 30
 2018. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
 applying
the new standard to all leases existing at the date of initial application. An entity may choose to use either (1) its effective
date or (2) the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial application.
If an entity chooses the second option
 the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered into between
the date of initial application and the effective date. The entity must also recast its comparative period financial statements
and provide the disclosures required by the new standard for the comparative periods. We adopted the new standard on December
30
 2018 and used the effective date as our date of initial application. Consequently
 financial information will not be updated
and the disclosures required under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before December 30
 2018.

The
new standard provides several optional practical expedients in transition. We elected the &lsquo;package of practical expedients&rsquo;
which permits us not to reassess under the new standard our prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease classification
and initial direct costs.

The
new standard also provides practical expedients for an entity&rsquo;s ongoing accounting. We elected the short-term lease recognition
exemption for all leases that qualify. This means
 for those leases that qualify
 we will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities
and this includes not recognizing ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases of those assets in transition.
We did not elect the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components for any of our leases.

We
expect that this standard will have a material effect on our financial statements. While we continue to assess all the effects
of adoption
 we currently believe the most significant effects relate to the recognition of new ROU assets and lease liabilities
on our balance sheet for our real estate and equipment operating leases and providing significant new disclosures about our leasing
activities. We do not expect a significant change in our leasing activities between now and adoption.

We
currently expect to recognize additional operating liabilities of approximately $359
000 with corresponding ROU assets
of the same amount
 based on the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments under current leasing standards for existing
operating leases.

Effective
December 31
 2017
 we adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Topic 606
 Revenue from Contacts with
Customers (&ldquo;ASC 606&rdquo;). In accordance with ASC 606
 it was determined that the standard only impacted enhanced disclosure
regarding revenue recognition
 including disclosures of revenue streams
 performance obligations
 variable consideration and the
related judgments and estimates necessary to apply the new standard.

ASC
606 was applied using the modified retrospective method. There was no cumulative effect of the initial application to be recognized
as an adjustment to opening retained earnings at December 31
 2017. Accordingly
 comparative periods have not been adjusted and
continue to be reported under FASB ASC Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo; 605).

We
generate revenues from the delivery of Tofutti branded plant-based cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products. Under ASC
606
 revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration
expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. We recognizes revenue when obligations under the terms of a contract
with customers are satisfied; generally
 this occurs with the transfer of control of our products. Revenue is measured as the
amount of net consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring products. Revenue from product sales is governed
primarily by purchase orders (&ldquo;contracts&rdquo;) which specify quantity and product(s) ordered
 shipping terms and certain
aspects of the transaction price including discounts. Contracts are at standalone pricing that is governed by a pricing list.
A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct service to the customer. The performance obligation
in these contracts is determined by each of the individual purchase orders and the respective stated quantities
 with revenue
being recognized at a point in time when obligations under the terms of the agreement are satisfied. This generally occurs with
the transfer of control when the product is shipped or in most cases
 picked up from one of our distribution locations
 by the
customer.



    
    


Key
Factors Affecting Our Business

Our
operations and the operating metrics discussed below have been
 and will likely continue to be affected by certain key factors
as well as certain historical events and actions. The key factors affecting our business and results of operations include among
others
 our lack of sufficient working capital
 dependence on a few key distributors for a significant portion of our sales
 dependence
on several key suppliers to produce our products
 our reliance on a limited number of key executives to manage our business
 and
competition. For further discussion of the factors affecting our results of operations
 see &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;

We
may not be able to maintain profitability in the future and may not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations in
the future.

While
our operations have been profitable for the last three fiscal years
 we incurred losses in prior years. Our cash and cash equivalents
decreased to $558
000 while our working capital increased to $3
896
000 as of December 29
 2018. The lack of sufficient working
capital in the future could negatively impact our ability to introduce and adequately promote new products. To the extent that
we incur operating losses in the future or are unable to generate free cash flows from our business
 we may not have sufficient
working capital to fund our operations and will be required to obtain additional financing. Such financing may not be available
or
 if available
 may not be on terms satisfactory to us. If we are unable to maintain revenues
 we may not be able sustain profitable
operations in the future or generate positive cash flows from our operations.

We
depend on a few key distributors for a significant portion of our sales.

A
significant portion of our sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies with numerous divisions
and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 42% and 47% of our net sales for the fiscal
years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively. Although we believe that the business associated with any of
our primary distributors can be readily transferred to other distributors or directly to supermarket warehouses if necessary
no assurance can be given that a change in distributors would not be disruptive to our business
 which could have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations.

Interruptions
in the supply of products from our co-packers and suppliers could adversely affect our revenues.

We
depend on a limited number of suppliers for ingredients
 packaging materials and the production of our products. We do not produce
any of our own products. For the year ended December 29
 2018
 we purchased approximately 49% of our finished goods from Franklin
Foods

 WHIPPED BETTER THAN CREAM CHEESE
 SOUR SUPREME
BETTER THAN RICOTTA

 our
former and current frozen dessert novelty co-packers.

In
September 2016
 we were notified by Ice Cream Specialties
 the co-packer of our frozen dessert stick novelties
 Tofutti Cuties
and Yours Truly Cones
 that they would cease manufacturing those products by the end of January 2018. In April 2018 we began production
of our Tofutti Cuties at our new frozen dessert novelty co-packer
 Luke&rsquo;s Ice Cream
 located in Florida. Luke&rsquo;s began
manufacturing Yours Truly Cones in November 2018 and we expect them to initiate the manufacture of our frozen dessert novelty
bars in the second quarter of 2019. Our frozen dessert pints are produced by Leiby&rsquo;s Dairy in Pennsylvania. Any future disruption
in supply could have a material adverse effect on our company.



    
    



We
have little control over the suppliers of ingredients to our co-packers. Disruptions in these relationships may reduce our sales
and revenues. Overall difficulty of suppliers meeting product demand
 interruptions in the supply chain
 obstacles or delays in
the process of renegotiating or renewing agreements with preferred suppliers
 financial difficulties experienced by suppliers
or the deficiency
 lack
 or poor quality of alternative suppliers could adversely impact our sales which
 in turn
 would adversely
affect our business and operating results. We believe that
 if necessary
 we could obtain available alternative sources of supply
for each of our products. Depending on the product
 that might entail using more than one source of supply.

We
rely on a limited number of key executives to manage our business. 

Our
success is significantly dependent on the services of David Mintz (age 87)
 our Chief Executive Officer
 and Steven Kass (age
67)
 our Chief Financial Officer. The loss of the services of either of these persons could have a material adverse effect on
our business and results of operations.



The
dairy free
 vegan frozen dessert and food and health food markets are highly competitive. In addition
 many of our principal
competitors are large
 diversified companies with resources significantly greater than ours. We expect strong competition to continue
including competition for adequate distribution and competition for the limited shelf space for the frozen dessert and dairy free
cheese food categories in supermarkets and other retail food outlets.

From
time to time
 we and our customers experience price pressure in some of our markets as a result of competitors&rsquo; promotional
pricing practices as well as general market conditions. Our failure to match or exceed our competitors&rsquo; cost reductions
through innovative products and other improvements could weaken our competitive position. Competition is based on product quality
reliability
 food safety
 distribution effectiveness
 brand loyalty
 price
 effective promotional activities
 the ability to identify
and satisfy emerging consumer preferences and the ability to provide ancillary support services. We may not be able to compete
effectively with these larger
 more diversified companies.

Fiscal
Year Ended December 29
 2018 Compared with Fiscal Year Ended December 30
 2017 

We
operate on a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal years for the financial statements included in
this report are the fifty-two week period ended December 29
 2018 (fiscal 2018) and the fifty-two week period ended December 30
2017 (fiscal 2017).


Net
sales for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2018 were $13
066
000
 a decrease of $1
041
000
 or 7%
 from net sales of $14
107
000
for the fiscal year ended December 30
 2017. Sales of our frozen dessert and frozen food product lines decreased to $2
255
000
in fiscal 2018 from $2
870
000 in fiscal 2017. Our frozen dessert business continues to be negatively impacted by the overall
sluggish sales in the ice cream category. Additionally
 in September 2016
 Ice Cream Specialties
 the co-packer who manufactured
our frozen dessert novelty products
 which included Tofutti Cuties
 Yours Truly Cones and stick novelties
 notified us that they
would completely cease manufacturing these products by the end of January 2018. The co-packer ceased manufacturing our stick novelties
and Yours Truly Cones in June 2017. The unavailability of these items negatively impacted sales of our frozen desserts. Sales
of vegan cheese products decreased to $10
811
000 in fiscal 2018 from $11
237
000 in fiscal 2017 due to a FDA industry-wide
mandate that by June 2018 it would no longer be permissible to make and sell food products using partially hydrogenated fats.
It took several months to transition our accounts purchasing those items to our other version of the Better Than Cream
Cheese and Sour Supreme
 which negatively impacted sales. All such accounts were successfully transitioned in
2018
 and we expect sales of our cheese products to return to their former levels.


    
    


Our
gross profit in the year ended December 29
 2018 decreased by $636
000 to $4
104
000 from $4
740
000
 reflecting the decrease
in sales and gross profit percentage. Our gross profit percentage for the year ended December 29
 2018 decreased to 31% from 34%
for the year ended December 30
 2017. The decline in our gross profit percentage was due to initial start-up costs incurred in
connection with re-starting the production of Tofutti Cuties and Yours Truly Cones with a new co-packer. Sales promotion and allowance
expense was $1
513
000 for the year ended December 29
 2018 compared to $1
529
000 for the year ended December 30
 2017. We intend
to increase gross profitability in future periods through selective price increases and selective ingredient replacements to lower-cost
alternatives.

Freight
out expense decreased to $918
000 for the year ended December 29
 2018 compared with $960
000 for the year ended December 30
2017 due to the reduction in sales. Freight out cost as a percentage of sales in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 was approximately
7%

Selling
and warehousing expenses decreased by $159
000
 or 10%
 to $1
357
000 for fiscal 2018 from $1
516
000 in fiscal 2017. This decrease
was primarily attributable to decreases in commission expense of $108
000
 outside warehouse rental expense of $59
000 and in
payroll expense of $25
000. These decreases were partially offset by increases in travel
 entertainment
 auto and meetings and
conventions expense of $23
000
 and messenger expense of $9
000. The decrease in commission expense in fiscal 2018 was largely
attributable to the decline in sales. We anticipate that selling expenses as a percentage of sales in fiscal 2019 will be comparable
to or slightly less than in fiscal 2018.

Marketing
expenses decreased in fiscal 2018 by $19
000
 or 6%
 to $294
000 from $313
000 in fiscal 2017 due to a decrease in promotion expense
of $42
000
 which was partially offset by an increase in artwork and plates expense of $22
000. We expect that marketing expenses
in fiscal 2018 will be comparable to or slightly less than our expenses in fiscal 2017.

Product
development expenses increased by $17
000
 or 4%
 to $410
000 in fiscal 2018 from $393
000 in fiscal 2017. The increase was primarily
attributable to an increase in payroll expense of $34
000
 which was partially offset by decreases in professional fees and outside
services expense of $10
000
 travel
 entertainment and auto expense of $11
000
 and lab costs and supplies expense of $5
000.
We expect that product development costs will remain constant or decline slightly in fiscal 2019.

General
and administrative expenses decreased by $97
000
 or 5%
 to $1
671
000 for fiscal 2018 from $1
768
000 for fiscal 2017. The decrease
was primarily due to decreases in stock compensation expense of $69
000 as all options fully vested in fiscal 2017
 professional
fees and outside services expenses of $41
000
 utilities expense of $9
000
 increased bank fees
 and increased general insurance
expense. These decreases were partially offset by increases in payroll expense of $20
000
 office supply expense of $6
000 and
building maintenance and repairs expense of $5
000. We expect that general and administrative expenses will remain constant in
fiscal 2019.

Overall
total operating expenses in fiscal 2018 decreased by $258
000
 or 6%
 to $3
732
000 compared to total operating expenses of $3
990
000
in fiscal 2017. We anticipate that our operating expenses in fiscal 2019 will remain comparable with fiscal 2018 expenses.

Income
before income taxes decreased to $347
000 in fiscal 2018 as compared with income before income taxes of $724
000 in fiscal 2017
due to the reduction in sales.

Income
tax benefit for the 2018 fiscal period was $160
000 compared to income tax expense of $20
000 for the 2017 fiscal period. Our income tax expense rate in 2017 resulted from our use of federal and state net operating loss carryforwards. Our income
tax benefit during the 2018 fiscal period was due to a reversal of valuation allowance on deferred tax assets as we concluded
we will be able to utilize such assets in future periods. As of December 29
 2018
 we had no federal net operating loss carryforwards
and $731
000 of state net operating loss carryforwards
 which will begin to expire in 2033.


    
    


Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
December 29
 2018
 we had approximately $558
000 in cash and cash equivalents
 our working capital was $3
896
000
 and our current
and quick acid test ratios
 both measures of liquidity
 were 7.1 and 4.4
 respectively
 as of December 29
 2018.

In
fiscal 2014 and 2015
 we incurred significant losses which resulted in a decrease in our capital resources. In order to provide
our company with additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 our Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided our company
with a loan of $500
000 which is secured by substantially all of our assets. Interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without
compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. The loan is convertible into
our common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share at the option of the holder
 the closing price of our common stock on
the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was entered into. Initially due December 31
 2017
 the loan has been extended until

 2020



Cash
                                         Flows
Fiscal
    Year ended

    
December
    29
 2018
December
    30
 2017

    
(In
    thousands)

Net
    cash (used in) provided by operating activities
    
1
288

Net
    cash (used in) investing activities
    
    

Net
    cash (used in) financing activities
    
    

Net
    (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents
    
1
282

Cash
    and cash equivalents at beginning of year
1
414
    

Cash
    and cash equivalents at end of year
    
1
414


Cash
used in operating activities for the year ended December 29
 2018 was $725
000 compared to $1
288
000 provided by operating activities
for the year ended December 30
 2017. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 29
 2018 was primarily
the result of increases in accounts receivable of $463
000 and inventory of $336
000 and a decrease in accounts payable and accrued
expenses of $414
000. These uses of cash were partially offset by net income of $507
000.

Cash
used in investing activities was $121
000 for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2018 due to fixed asset purchases compared to
no cash used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended December 30
 2017.

Cash
used in financing activities was $10
000 for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2018 compared to $6
000 used in financing activities
for the fiscal year ended December 30
 2017.

As
a result of the foregoing
 our cash and cash equivalents decreased to $558
000 at December 29
 2018 from $1
414
000 at December
30
 2017.

We
believe our existing cash and cash equivalents on hand at December 29
 2018
 existing working capital
 and our expected cash flows
from operations will be sufficient to support our operating and capital requirements during the next twelve months.


    
    


Contractual
Obligations

We
had no material contractual obligations at December 29
 2018.

Inflation
and Seasonality

We
do not believe that our operating results have been materially affected by inflation during the preceding two years. There can
be no assurance
 however
 that our operating results will not be affected by inflation in the future. Our business is subject
to minimal seasonal variations with slightly increased sales historically in the second and third quarters of the fiscal year.
We expect to continue to experience slightly higher sales in the second and third quarters
 and slightly lower sales in the fourth
and first quarters
 as a result of reduced sales of dairy free frozen desserts during those periods.

Market
Risk

We
will invest our excess cash
 should there be any
 in highly rated money market funds which are subject to changes in short-term
interest rates. We do not believe that our foreign currency exposure is significant as our export sales are transacted in U.S.
dollars. We did not enter into any foreign exchange contracts in the year ended December 29
 2018.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements



Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.

Not
applicable.

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Index
to Financial Statements



Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
F-1
    

Financial
    Statements:
    

Balance
    Sheets
    

Statements
    of Income
    

Statements
    of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
    

Statements
    of Cash Flows
    

Notes
    to Financial Statements
    



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Tofutti
Brands
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Tofutti Brands
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 29
 2018 and December
30
 2017
 and the related statements of income
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the fiscal years
then ended
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial
statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 29
 2018 and December
30
 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years then ended
 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP

We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since fiscal year 2010.

EISNERAMPER
LLP
Philadelphia
Pennsylvania
March
29
 2019


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
BALANCE
SHEETS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)




    
December
    29
 2018
December
    30
 2017

    
    
    

Current
    assets:
    
    

Cash
    and cash equivalents
    
1
414

Accounts
                                         receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and sales promotions of $491 and $386
                                         respectively
2
128
1
770

Inventories
    net
1
714
1
483

Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets
    
    

Deferred
    costs
    
    

Total
    current assets
4
536
4
825

    
    
    

Deferred
    tax assets
    
    

Fixed
    assets (net of accumulated depreciation of $0 and $19
 respectively)
    
    

    
    
    

Other
    assets
    
    

    
4
890
4
851

    
    
    

Liabilities
    and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
    
    

Current
    liabilities:
    
    

Notes
    payable-current
    
    

Accounts
    payable
    
    

Accrued
    expenses
    
    

Deferred
    revenue
    
    

Total
    current liabilities
    
1
104

    
    
    

Convertible
    note payable-long term-related party
    
    

Note
    payable-long term
    
    

Total
    liabilities
1
140
1
608

    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    equity:
    
    

Preferred
    stock - par value $.01 per share; authorized 100
000 
    shares
 none issued
    
    

Common
    stock - par value $.01 per share; authorized 15
000
000 shares
 
    issued and outstanding 5
153
706 shares at December 29
 2018 and
    December 30
 2017
    
    

Additional
    paid-in capital
    
    

Retained
    earnings
3
491
2
984

Total
    stockholders&rsquo; equity
3
750
3
243

Total
    liabilities and stockholders&rsquo; equity
4
890
4
851


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
STATEMENTS
OF INCOME
(In
thousands
 except for per share data)




    
Fiscal
December
    29
 2018
Fiscal
December
    30
 2017

    
    
    

Net
    sales
13
066
14
107

Cost
    of sales
8
962
9
367

Gross
    profit
4
104
4
740

    
    
    

Operating
    expenses:
    
    

Selling
    and warehousing
1
357
1
516

    
    
    

Product
    development costs
    
    

General
    and administrative
1
671
1
768

Total
    operating expenses
3
732
3
990

    
    
    

Income
    from operations
    
    

    
    
    

Interest
    expense- related party
    
    

Interest
    expense-other
    
    

Income
    before provision for income tax
    
    

Income
    tax (benefit) expense
    
    

    
    
    

Net
    income
    
    

    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding:
    
    

Basic
    and diluted
5
154
5
154

Net
    income per common share:
    
    

Basic
    and diluted
    
    


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
Fiscal
Years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017

 except for share data)



    
Common
    Stock
    
    Paid-In
    
    
    Stockholders&rsquo;

    
    
    
    
    
    

Balances
    December 31
 2016
5
153
706
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;2
280
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2
470

Net
    income
    
    
    
    
    

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    
    
    
    

Balances
    December 30
 2017
5
153
706
    
    
2
984
3
243

Net
    income
    
    
    
    
    

Balances
    December 29
 2018
5
153
706
    
    
3
491
3
750


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS
(In
thousands)



    
Fiscal
    Year ended

Fiscal
    Year ended


CASH
    FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
    
    

Net
    income
    
    

Adjustments
    to reconcile net income to net 
    
    

    
    
    

Stock-based
    compensation expense
    
    

Provision
    for bad debts and sales promotions
    
    

Provision
    for inventory reserve
    
    

Deferred
    tax asset provision
    
    

Change
    in the unrecognized tax position
    
    

Change
    in assets and liabilities:
    
    

Accounts
    receivable
    
    

    
    
    

Prepaid
    expenses
    
    

Deferred
    costs
    
    

    
    
    

Deferred
    revenue
    
    

Accounts
    payable and accrued expenses
    
    

Net
    cash flows (used in) provided by operating activities
    
1
288

    
    
    

CASH
    FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
    
    

Purchase
    of fixed assets
    
    

    
    
    

CASH
    FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    
    

Principal
    payments on note payable obligation
    
    

Net
    cash flows used in financing activities
    
    

    
    
    

NET
    CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
    
1
282

CASH
    AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 AT BEGINNING OF YEAR
1
414
    

CASH
    AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 AT END OF YEAR
    
1
414

SUPPLEMENTAL
    CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
    
    

Income
    taxes paid
    
    

Interest
    expense- related party
    
    

Interest
    expense-other
    
    


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

NOTE
1: LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

At
December 29
 2018
 Tofutti Brands
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) had approximately $558 in cash compared to $1
414 at December
30
 2017. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 29
 2018 was $725 compared to $1
288 provided by operating
activities for the year ended December 30
 2017. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 29
 2018 was
primarily the result of increases in accounts receivable of $463 and inventory of $336 and decreases in accounts payable and accrued
expenses of $414 and deferred revenue of $34. These uses of cash were partially offset by net income of $507.

Cash
used in investing activities was $121 for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2018 compared to none for the fiscal year ended December
30
 2017.

Cash
used in financing activities was $10 for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2018 compared to $6 used in financing activities for
the fiscal year ended December 30
 2017.

The
Company has historically financed operations and met capital requirements primarily through positive cash flow from operations.
However
 due to net losses and cash used in operations in prior years in order to provide the Company with additional working
capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 the Company&rsquo;s Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided it with a loan of $500. Commencing
March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part
at any time without premium or penalty. The loan is convertible into the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a conversion price of
$4.01 per share
 the closing price of its common stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was entered into. In any
event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase
to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all of the Company&rsquo;s other obligations
under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
 and Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies
available to him. Initially due December 31
 2017

 2020.

The
Company&rsquo;s ability to introduce successful new products may be adversely affected by a number of factors
 such as unforeseen
cost and expenses
 economic environment
 increased competition
 and other factors beyond the Company&rsquo;s control. Management
cannot provide assurance that the Company will operate profitably in the future
 or that it will not require significant additional
financing in order to accomplish or exceed the objectives of its business plan. Consequently
 the Company&rsquo;s historical operating
results cannot be relied on to be an indicator of future performance
 and management cannot predict whether the Company will obtain
or sustain positive operating cash flow or generate net income in the future.

NOTE
2: DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Description
of Business
the development
 production and marketing of dairy free frozen desserts and other food products.

Operating
companies

While the Company has multiple products and or product groups
 its goal is to focus on dairy free foods. The Company&rsquo;s chief
operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but does not track more granular operating results by product group
as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As a result
 the Company has determined that it has only one operating
segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing of soy and other vegetable protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts
frozen food products and soy and other vegetable protein-based cheese products. All long-lived assets are located in the United
States
 the Company&rsquo;s country of domicile. 


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

Fiscal
Year
statements included herein are the fifty-two week fiscal periods ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 fiscal 2018 and
fiscal 2017
 respectively.

Estimates
and Uncertainties
in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include allowance for doubtful accounts
 sales promotion
accruals
 inventory reserves and reserves for uncertain tax positions. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Revenue
Recognition
 vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products as
detailed in Note 9 Revenue. The Company recognizes revenue when control over the products transfers to its customers
 which generally
occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. The Company accounts for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment
activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are
recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns. Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such
as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of sale. The Company bases these estimates of expected amounts
principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product
returns
 are monitored and adjusted each period until the incentives or product returns are realized.

Key
sales terms
 such as pricing and quantities ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements
and related incentives have a one year or shorter duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize
product fulfillment costs in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. The Company generally does not have any unbilled
receivables at the end of a period.

Concentration
of Credit/Sales Risk
primarily of cash and unsecured trade receivables. During the year
 the Company&rsquo;s cash balance at its financial institution
exceeded the FDIC limit of $250.

The
Company performs ongoing evaluations of its customers&rsquo; financial condition and does not require collateral. Management feels
that credit risk beyond the established allowances at December 30
 2017 is limited.

During
the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 the Company derived approximately 82% and 88% of its net sales
domestically. The remaining sales in both periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of three
customers represented approximately 51% of total accounts receivable at December 29
 2018
 and three customers represented
approximately 45% of total accounts receivable at December 30
 2017. In addition
 a significant portion of the Company&rsquo;s
sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act
independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 42% and 47% of the Company&rsquo;s net sales for the fiscal years ended
December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

Accounts
Receivable - 
and retailers. Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customers&rsquo; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is
not required. Accounts receivable are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of
an allowance for doubtful accounts and reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms
are considered past due. The Company determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time
trade accounts receivable are past due
 the Company&rsquo;s previous loss history
 the customer&rsquo;s current ability to pay
its obligation to the Company
 and the condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts
receivable when they become uncollectible
 and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the bad debt
expense. The Company does not accrue interest on accounts receivable past due.

Deferred
Revenue and Deferred Costs
billed and shipped
 but for which the transactions have not met its revenue recognition criteria. The cost of the related product
has been recorded as deferred costs on its balance sheet.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents
to be cash equivalents.

Inventories

in excess of future demand or approaching expiration are written down and charged to the provision for inventories. At the point
of which loss is recognized
 a new
 lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances
do not result in the restoration or increase in the newly established cost basis.

The
Company purchased approximately 49% and 41% of its finished products from one supplier and 20% and 17% of its finished products
from another supplier during the periods ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively.

Income
Taxes
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded if there is uncertainty
as to the realization of deferred tax assets. The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain
tax position only if management&rsquo;s assessment is that the position is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; (i.e.
 a likelihood
greater than 50 percent) to be sustained by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term
&ldquo;tax position&rdquo; refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future
tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.

Stock-based
compensation 
ASC 718
 &ldquo;Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation.&rdquo; Under ASC 718
 share-based awards are valued at fair value on
the date of grant and that fair value is recognized over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. The Company values
its stock option using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

Earnings
Per Share 
shares outstanding. For the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares were
excluded from diluted earnings per share calculations since the effect was anti-dilutive because the strike price was greater
than the quoted market value at such date.




    
Fiscal
Ended
December
                                         29
 2018
Fiscal
Ended
December
                                         30
 2017

Net
    income
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation
    
    

    
    
    

Weighted average
    shares - denominator basic computation
5
154
5
154

Effect
    of dilutive stock options
    
    

Weighted
    average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
5
154
5
154

Earnings per
    common share:
    
    

Basic
    and diluted
    
    


Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses are stated at their carrying values. The carrying amounts approximate
fair value because of the short-term nature of those instruments.

Freight
Costs 
years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively. Such costs are included in costs of goods sold.

Advertising
Costs
the fiscal years December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively.

Product
Development Costs
costs amounted to $410 and $393 during the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements
ASUs not discussed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on the
Company&rsquo;s balance sheets or statements of operations.

In
February 2016
 the FASB established Topic 842
 Leases
 by issuing Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 which requires
lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 was subsequently
amended by ASU No. 2018-01
 Land Easement Practical Expedient for Transition to Topic 842; ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements
to Topic 842
 Leases; ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements; and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors. The
new standard establishes a right-of-use model (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;) that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability
on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating
 with
classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense recognition in the income statement.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

The
new standard was effective for the Company on December 30
 2018. We adopted the new standard on
December 30
 2018. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
 applying the new standard to all leases existing
at the date of initial application. An entity may choose to use either (1) its effective date or (2) the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial application. If an entity chooses the second option
the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered into between the date of initial application and
the effective date. The entity must also recast its comparative period financial statements and provide the disclosures required
by the new standard for the comparative periods. The Company adopted the new standard on December 30
 2018 and used the effective
date as its date of initial application. Consequently
 financial information will not be updated
 and the disclosures required
under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before December 30
 2018.

The
new standard provides several optional practical expedients in transition. The Company elected the &lsquo;package of practical
expedients&rsquo;
 which permits it not to reassess under the new standard its prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease
classification and initial direct costs.

The
new standard also provides practical expedients for an entity&rsquo;s ongoing accounting. The Company elected the short-term lease
recognition exemption for all leases that qualify. This means
 for those leases that qualify
 the Company will not recognize ROU
assets or lease liabilities
 and this includes not recognizing ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases
of those assets in transition. The Company did not elect the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components
for any of its leases.

The
Company expects that this standard will have a material effect on its financial statements. While the Company continues to assess
all the effects of adoption
 it currently believes the most significant effects relate to the recognition of new ROU assets and
lease liabilities on its balance sheet for its real estate and equipment operating leases and providing significant new disclosures
about its leasing activities. The Company does not expect a significant change in its leasing activities between now and adoption.

The
Company currently expects to recognize additional operating liabilities of approximately $370
000 with corresponding ROU assets
of the same amount
 based on the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments under current leasing standards for existing
operating leases.

Effective
December 31
 2017
 the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Topic 606
 Revenue from Contacts
with Customers (&ldquo;ASC 606&rdquo;). In accordance with ASC 606
 it was determined that the standard only impacted enhanced
disclosure regarding revenue recognition
 including disclosures of revenue streams
 performance obligations
 variable consideration
and the related judgments and estimates necessary to apply the new standard.

ASC
606 was applied using the modified retrospective method. There was no cumulative effect of the initial application to be recognized
as an adjustment to opening retained earnings at December 31
 2017. Accordingly
 comparative periods have not been adjusted and
continue to be reported under FASB ASC Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo; 605).


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

The
Company generates revenues from the delivery of Tofutti branded plant-based cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products.
Under ASC 606
 revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects
the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. The company recognizes revenue when obligations
under the terms of a contract with customers are satisfied; generally
 this occurs with the transfer of control of the Company&rsquo;s
products. Revenue is measured as the amount of net consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring products.
Revenue from product sales is governed primarily by purchase orders (&ldquo;contracts&rdquo;) which specify quantity and product(s)
ordered
 shipping terms and certain aspects of the transaction price including discounts. Contracts are at standalone pricing
that is governed by a pricing list. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct service to the
customer. The performance obligation in these contracts is determined by each of the individual purchase orders and the respective
stated quantities
 with revenue being recognized at a point in time when obligations under the terms of the agreement are satisfied.
This generally occurs with the transfer of control when the product is shipped or in most cases
 picked up from one of the Company&rsquo;s
distribution locations
 by the customer.

NOTE
3: INVENTORIES 

Inventories
consist of the following:



    
December
                                         29

                                                                                
December
                                         30

                                                                                

Finished
    products
1
061
    

Raw
    materials and packaging
    
    

    
1
714
1
483


NOTE
4: FIXED ASSETS 

Fixed
assets consist of the following:



    
December
                                         29

                                                                                
December
                                         30

                                                                                

    
    
    

Manufacturing
    equipment installed at co-packer
    
    

Less:
    accumulated depreciation
    
    

Fixed
    assets
 net
    
    


Depreciation
expense as of year-end December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017 was $10 and $5
 &#9;respectively. During the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2018
 an automobile with a net book value of $3 was sold to a related party for $3. Proceeds from the sale were received
in the first quarter of fiscal 2019.

NOTE
5: STOCK OPTIONS 

On
June 10
 2014
 the shareholders of the Company approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2014 Plan&rdquo;). The 2014
Plan provides for grants of various types of awards that are designed to attract and retain highly qualified personnel who will
contribute to the success of the Company and to provide incentives to participants in the 2014 Plan that are linked directly to
increases in shareholder value which will therefore inure to the benefit of all shareholders of the Company. The Company intends
to rely on a combination of multi-year performance awards
 options and other stock-based awards for these purposes. The 2014 Plan
made 250
000 shares of Common Stock available for awards. The 2014 Plan also permits performance-based 2014 awards paid under
it to be tax deductible under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 as &ldquo;performance-based compensation.&rdquo;
As of December 29
 2018
 the Company has issued 80
000 non-qualified stock option awards under the 2014 Plan.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

The
following is a summary of stock option activity from December 30
 2017 to December 29
 2018:



    
NON-QUALIFIED
    OPTIONS

    
    
Weighted
    Average

Outstanding
    at December 30
 2017
80
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 29
 2018
80
000
    

Exercisable
    at December 29
 2018
80
000
    


The
following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at December 29
 2018:



Range
Exercise
                                         Prices ($)
Number
                                         
Weighted
(in
                                         years)
Weighted
Exercise
                                         
Number
                                         

    
80
000
    
    
80
000


The
fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing formula. Expected volatilities
and risk-free interest rates are based upon the expected life of the grant. The interest rates used are the U.S. Treasury yield
curve in effect at the time of the grant.

During
fiscal 2015
 80
000 options were granted

668 of the options vesting at the respective grant
date
 26
666 vesting in January 2016
 and 26

 expected volatility was
69.8%-71.4%
 a risk-free rate of 1.3%-1.8%
 0% expected dividends
 and an expected term of five years.

As
of December 29
 2018
 the intrinsic value of the options outstanding and exercisable was immaterial
 and there was $0 of total
unrecognized compensation cost.

NOTE
6: LEASES 

The
Company&rsquo;s facilities are located in a one-story facility in Cranford
 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses
its administrative offices
 a warehouse
 walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen.
The Company&rsquo;s original lease agreement expired on July 1
 1999
 but it continues to occupy the premises on a monthly basis.
Any changes by either the landlord or the Company remains subject to a six month notification period. The Company currently has
no plans to enter into a long-term lease agreement for the facility. Rent expense was $81 in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017. The
Company&rsquo;s management believes that the Cranford facility will continue to satisfy its space requirements for the foreseeable
future and that if necessary
 such space can be replaced without a significant impact to the business.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

NOTE
7: INCOME TAXES 

The
Company calculates its provision for federal and state income taxes based on current tax law. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;)
was enacted on December 22
 2017 (&ldquo;Enactment Date&rdquo;) and has several key provisions impacting accounting for and reporting
of income taxes. The most significant provision reduces the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning on January
1
 2018. Although most provisions of tax reform were not effective until 2018
 the Company was required to record the effect of
a change in tax law as of the Enactment Date on its deferred tax assets. The Company maintained a full valuation allowance against
its deferred tax assets
 and there was no income tax expense recorded related to this change as of December 30
 2017. As of the
Enactment Date
 the Company estimates that its deferred tax asset and related valuation allowance were each reduced by approximately
$155.

Additionally
the Securities Exchange Commission staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&ldquo;SAB 118&rdquo;) on December 22
 2017
which allows the Company to record provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond one year of the Enactment
Date. SAB 118 was issued to address the application of U.S. GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information
available
 prepared
 or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax
effects of the Act. As of December 29
 2018
 the Company has completed the accounting of the effects of the Act and has no adjustments
to the effects recorded at December 30
 2017.

The
components of income tax (benefit) expense for the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017 are as follows:



    
December
    29
 
December
    30
 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Total
    income tax (benefit) expense
    
    


A
reconciliation between the expected federal tax expense at the statutory tax rates of 21% and 34% and the Company&rsquo;s actual
tax expense for the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively
 follows:



    
December
                                         29

                                                                                
December
                                         30

                                                                                

Income
    tax expense computed at federal statutory rate
    
    

State
    income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    

Permanent
    items
    
    

Change
    in federal valuation allowance
    
    

Increase
    in unrecognized tax position
    
    

    
    
    

Change
    in Tax Cut and Jobs Act
    
    

    
    
    




    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

Deferred
tax assets for the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017 consist of the following components:



    
December
    29
 
December
    30
 

Allowance
    for doubtful accounts
    
    

    
    
    

Federal
    and state net operating loss
    
    

    
    
    

Valuation
    allowance
    
    

Deferred
    tax asset
    
    


At
December 29
 2018
 the Company had no federal net operating loss carryforwards and $731 of state operating loss carryforwards
net
 which will begin to expire in 2033.

Management
has concluded that based upon all available evidence
 including generating taxable income for the past three fiscal years and
future forecasts
 that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be utilized and has reversed the valuation
allowance on the Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets as of December 29
 2018.

The
Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&rsquo;s assessment
is that the position is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be sustained by the
tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term &ldquo;tax position&rdquo; refers to a position
in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring current
or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.

The
following table indicates the changes to the Company&rsquo;s uncertain tax positions for the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018
and December 30
 2017:



Balance
    at December 31
 2016
    

Increase
    due to reserves and tax positions related to current year
    

Decrease
    due to Tax Cut and Jobs Act
    

Balance
    at December 30
 2017
    

Increase
    due to reserves and tax positions related to current year
    

Balance
    at December 29
 2018
    


The
Company accounts for penalties or interest related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for income taxes. The Company
had approximately $29 and $21 of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions at December 29
 2018 and December
30
 2017
 respectively. The amount of uncertain tax positions that would affect the effective tax rate if they were recognized
is $201. The liability at December 29
 2018 for uncertain tax positions is included in accrued expenses.

NOTE
8: NOTES PAYABLE 

In
September 2014
 the Company obtained an auto loan of approximately $29 from a bank. The loan required 60 monthly payments of $0.535
through August 2019. Interest was charged at a fixed nominal rate of 4.64%. The loan was fully paid off in May 2018.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

Related
Party

On
January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 the Company&rsquo;s Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided it with a loan of $500. The loan
 which
was originally set to expire on December 31


other terms of the loan were modified. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% is payable 
a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. The
loan is convertible into the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock on the date the promissory note was entered into
 at the option of the holder. In any event of default
 as defined
in the promissory note
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the
entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all of the Company&rsquo;s other obligations under the loan
 will be
immediately due and payable
 and Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies available to him.



    
December
                                         29

                                                                                
December
                                         30

                                                                                

Note
    payable-related party
    
    

Less
    current maturity
    
    

Note
    payable related party
 net of current maturity
    
    


NOTE
9: REVENUE

Revenues
by geographical region are as follows:



    
December
                                         29

                                                                                
December
                                         30

                                                                                

Revenues
    by geography:
    
    

    
11
847
13
132

    
    
    

Middle
    East
    
    

Asia
    Pacific and Africa
    
    

    
13
066
14
107


Approximately
92% in fiscal 2018 and 95% in fiscal 2017 of the Americas revenue is attributable to the United States. All of the Company&rsquo;s
assets are located in the United States.

Net
sales by major product category:



    
December
                                         29

                                                                                
December
                                         30

                                                                                

    
10
811
11
237

Frozen
    Desserts and Foods
2
255
2
870

    
13
066
14
107



    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)





Timing
    of revenue recognition:
    
    

    
    
    

    
Year
December
                                         29
 2018
Year
December
                                         30
 2017

Products
    transferred at a point in time
13
066
14
107

    
13
066
14
107



    
    


Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.



Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
 2018
 our company&rsquo;s chief executive officer and chief financial
officer conducted an evaluation regarding the effectiveness of our company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon the evaluation of these controls and procedures
 our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective with respect

 as


Disclosure
Controls and Internal Controls.
Act of 1934
 as amended
 Disclosure Controls are defined as meaning controls and procedures that are designed with the objective
of insuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
(the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 is recorded
 processed
 designed and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC&rsquo;s
rules and forms. Disclosure Controls include
 within the definition under the Exchange Act
 and without limitation
 controls and
procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports is accumulated and communicated to our management
including our chief executive officer and principal financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.
Internal Controls are procedures which are designed with the objective of providing reasonable assurance that (1) our transactions
are properly authorized; (2) our assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use; and (3) our transactions are properly
recorded and reported
 all to permit the preparation of our financial statements inconformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed by


 management and other personnel
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management&rsquo;s
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting includes using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission
 or COSO
 framework
 an integrated framework (2013) for the evaluation of internal controls issued by COSO
 to identify
the risks and control objectives related to the evaluation of our control environment.


    
    


Based
on their evaluation under the frameworks described above
 our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 29
 2018 because of the following material weaknesses
in internal controls over financial reporting:



    
A
    continuing lack of sufficient resources and an insufficient level of monitoring and oversight
 which may restrict our ability
    to gather
 analyze and report information relative to the financial statements in a timely manner.

    
    

    
The
    limited size of the accounting department makes it impracticable to achieve an optimum separation of duties and monitoring
    of internal controls.




We
are continuing to seek ways to remediate these weaknesses
 which stem from our small workforce.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

No
change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December 29
 2018 that materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

This
nternal


report in this annual report.

Item
9B. Other Information.




    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Our
directors and executive officers are:



    
    
    
    
    

David
    Mintz
    
    
    
Chairman
    of the Board of Directors
 Chief Executive Officer

Steven
    Kass
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer

Neal
    S. Axelrod
    
    
    
    

Joseph
    N. Himy
    
    
    
    

Scott
    Korman
    
    
    
    

Franklyn
    Snitow
    
    
    
    


David
Mintz has been our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since August 1981. Mr. Mintz&rsquo;s knowledge about our
company and his role as the developer of our product line is essential to the operation of our board.

Steven
Kass has been our Chief Financial Officer since November 1986 and Secretary and Treasurer since January 1987.

Neal
S. Axelrod has been a director since August 2007 and is Chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr. Axelrod has been a self-employed
certified public accountant in New Jersey since 1977. Mr. Axelrod&rsquo;s accounting and financial background enhances the breadth
of experience of the board of directors.

Joseph
N. Himy was elected to serve as a member of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee on October 30
 2013 by our Board of
Directors. He has been Managing Director of The CFO Squad
 a financial and business advisory firm providing outsourced CFO advisory
and regulatory consulting services primarily for public companies since August 2011. From May 2008 until August 2011
 Mr. Himy
was Chief Financial Officer of Vyteris
 Inc.
 manufacturer of the first active transdermal patch approved by the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration for the pain associated with blood draws
 intravenous cannulations and laser ablation of superficial skin
lesions. Prior to May 2008 and from October 2004
 Mr. Himy held various other positions at Vyteris
 including Corporate Controller
and VP of Finance. Mr. Himy received a B.S. degree in Accounting from Brooklyn College of the City University of New York and
is a certified public accountant. Mr. Himy&rsquo;s accounting and financial and corporate governance experience background enhances
the breadth of experience of the board of directors.

Scott
Korman has served as a member of the Board of Directors since December 2011 and as a member of the Audit Committee from December
2011 until March 2016. Mr. Korman founded Nashone
 Inc.
 a private equity firm
 in 1984 and is its President. Nashone is also
involved in financial advisory
 turnaround and general management assignments. Mr. Korman previously served as Chairman of Da-Tech
Corporation
 a Pennsylvania based contract electronics manufacturer. He previously served as Chairman and CEO of Best Manufacturing
Group LLC.
 a leading manufacturer and distributor of uniforms
 napery
 service apparel
 and hospitality and healthcare textiles.
Mr. Korman also served as President and CEO of Welsh Farms Inc.
 a full service dairy
 processing and distributing milk
 ice cream
mix and ice cream products. Mr. Korman received a B.S. degree in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania Wharton School
in 1977. He also serves on the boards of various not-for-profit groups and was the founder of the Englewood Business Forum. Mr.
Korman&rsquo;s experience as a CEO of a frozen dessert company enhances the breadth of experience of the board of directors.


    
    


Franklyn
Snitow has been a director since 1987 and became a member of the Audit Committee in March 2016. He has been a partner in the New
York City law firm Snitow Kanfer &amp; Holtzer
 LLP
 our general counsel since 1985. Mr. Snitow&rsquo;s legal and corporate governance
background enhances the breadth of experience of the board of directors.

All
directors hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified.
Officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. All of the executive officers devote their full time to our operations.

Employment
Agreements

There
are currently no employment agreements between us and any of our officers.

Family
Relationships

There
are no family relationships between any of our directors and executive officers.

Involvement
in Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time we may be subject to various claims and contingencies in the ordinary course of business
 including those related
to litigation
 business transactions
 employee-related matters and taxes
 and others. When we are aware of a claim or potential
claim
 we assess the likelihood of any loss or exposure. If it is probable that a loss will result and the amount of the loss
can be reasonably estimated
 we will record a liability for the loss. In addition to the estimated loss
 the recorded liability
includes probable and estimable legal costs associated with the claim or potential claim. There is no assurance that such matters
will not materially and adversely affect our business
 financial position
 and results of operations or cash flows.

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is comprised of Mr. Axelrod
 who serves as chairman
 Mr. Himy and Mr. Snitow. Mr. Snitow
became a member of the Audit Committee in March 2016 after Mr. Korman stepped down. The Board of Directors has determined that
all of the Audit Committee members are independent
 as that term is defined under the enhanced independence standards for audit
committee members in the Exchange Act. The Board of Directors has also determined that Mr. Axelrod is an Audit Committee Financial
Expert as that term is defined in rules issued pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act
 as amended
 requires our executive officers
 directors and persons who own more than 10% of a registered
class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial statements of beneficial ownership
reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of common stock and other of our equity securities
on Forms 3
 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers
 directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by Commission regulations
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file.


    
    


To
our knowledge
 based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us
 or written representations from certain
reporting persons that no additional forms were required for those persons
 we believe that during fiscal 2018 all persons subject
to these reporting requirements filed the required reports on a timely basis.

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
 which applies to directors
 officers
 employees and agents of our company.
We have also adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Officers
 which applies to our chief executive officer
 and all senior financial
officers of our company
 including the chief financial officer
 chief accounting officer or controller
 or persons performing
similar functions. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Code of Ethics for Senior Officers are publicly available on
our website at www.tofutti.com and printed copies are available upon request. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics or the Code of Ethics or grant any waivers
 including any implicit waiver
 from a provision of
these codes to our chief executive officer
 chief financial officer or corporate controller or our directors
 we will disclose
the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website.

Item
11. Executive Compensation.

The
following table sets forth information concerning the total compensation during the last three fiscal years for our named executive
officers whose total salary in fiscal 2018 totaled $100
000 or more:

Summary
Compensation Table



Name
    and Principal Position
    
Salary
    ($)
Bonus
    ($)
Stock
    Awards ($)
Option
                                         Awards ($)(1)
Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Compensation ($)
All
    Other Compensation ($)
    

David
    Mintz
    
450
000
    
    
    
    
    
450
000

Chief
    Executive Officer
    
450
000
    
    
    
    
    
450
000

and
    Director
    
450
000
    
    
    
    
    
450
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Kass
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
125
000

Chief
    Financial Officer
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
125
000

    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
125
000




    
The
    dollar amounts in the Option Awards column above reflect the fair value of options as of the grant &nbsp;date for the year
    ended December 29
 2018
 in accordance with ASC 718 and
 therefore
 do not necessarily reflect actual benefits received by
    any individual. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 5 to our audited financial statements
    for the year ended December 29
 2018.


The
aggregate value of all other perquisites and
other personal benefits furnished to each of these executive officers was less than $10
000 in both the 2018 and 2017 fiscal years.

Employment
Agreements

We
do not currently have any employment agreements with our executive officers. We do not anticipate having employment contracts
with executive officers and key personnel in the future.

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards for Fiscal 2018

During
the fiscal year ended December 29
 2018
 no grants were made under our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan.


    
    


Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table reflects the options awards granted to the named executive officers identified above in the summary compensation
table pursuant to the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan.

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End



Option
    Awards

    
Number
    of securities underlying unexercised options (#) Exercisable
Number
    of securities underlying unexercised options (#) Unexercisable
Equity
    incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#)
Option
    exercise
Option
    expiration date

David
    Mintz
10
000
    
    
    
    

    
5
000
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Kass
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


Director
Compensation

Our
non-employee directors earned director compensation in fiscal year ended December 29
 2018 based on the number of meetings attended.
Mr. Axelrod
 chairman of the audit committee
 receives $1
500 per meeting attended. Other members of the audit committee receive
$1
000 per meeting attended. All other non-employee directors are entitled to $500 per meeting attended.

The
following table sets forth the compensation received by each of the Company&rsquo;s non-employee directors for the year ended
December 29
 2018. Each non-employee director
 other than Mr. Korman
 is deemed to be independent under the Exchange Act Rule
10A-3.



    
Fees
    Earned or Paid in Cash ($)
Stock
    Awards ($)
Option
    Awards ($)
Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Compensation ($)
Nonqualified
    Deferred Compensation ($)
All
    Other Compensation ($)
Total
    ($)

Neal
    S. Axelrod
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
12
000

Joseph
    N. Himy
4
000
    
    
    
    
    
4
000

Scott
    Korman
1
500
    
    
    
    
    
1
500

Franklyn
    Snitow
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    


Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The
following tables set forth as of March 25
 2019 certain information regarding the ownership of our common stock
 $0.01 par value
for each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of common stock
 for each executive
officer named in the Summary Compensation Table
 for each of our directors and for our executive officers and directors as a group:

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management



Name
    and
Amount
    and
Percent
    of Class(3)

David
    Mintz
2
770
128
    

Steven
    Kass
220
000
    

Franklyn
    Snitow
48
100
    

Neal
    S. Axelrod
15
000
    

Joseph
    N. Himy
15
000
    

Scott
    Korman
15
000
    

All
    Executive Officers and Directors as a group (6 persons)
3
130
218
    





*
Less than 1%.



    
The
    address of Messrs. Mintz
 Kass
 Axelrod and Himy is c/o Tofutti Brands Inc.
 50 Jackson Drive
 Cranford
 New Jersey 07016.
    The address of Mr. Snitow is 575 Lexington Avenue
 New York
 New York 10017. The address of Mr. Korman is c/o Nashone
 Inc.
    175 Elm Road
 Englewood
 NJ 0361. Each of these persons has sole voting and/or investment power of the shares attributed to
    him.

    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting
    or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock relating to options currently exercisable or exercisable
    within 60 days of March 25
 2019 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such securities
    but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Except as indicated by footnote
 and subject
    to community property laws where applicable
 the persons named in the table above have sole voting and investment power with
    respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them.

    
Based
    on 5
153
706 shares issued and outstanding as of March 25
 2019.

    
Includes
    15
000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options and 124
688 shares issuable upon conversion
    of a $500
000 note between Mr. Mintz and the company.

    
Includes
    15
000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options.

    
Issuable
    upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options

    
Includes
    75
000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options and 124
688 shares issuable upon conversion
    of a $500
000 note between Mr. Mintz and the company.


Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

In
order to provide our company with additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 our Chairman and Chief Executive
provided us with a loan of $500
000
 which has been extended to come due on December 31
 2020. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest
of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium
or penalty. The loan is convertible into our common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of our common
stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was entered into.

In
the event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz


 and all of our other obligations
under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
 and Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies
available to him. The loan is secured by is secured by substantially all of our assets.


    
    


Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

Set
forth below are the aggregate fees billed for each of the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017 for services
Amper LLP

independent registered accounting firm.



    
Fiscal
    2018
Fiscal
    2017

Audit
    fees
85
280
84
000

Audit-related
    fees
    
    

Total
    Audit &amp; Audit-related fees
85
280
84
000

Tax
    fees
    
    

All
    other fees
    
    

Total
    fees
85
280
84
000


Audit
fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of our financial statements
included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services provided in connection with other statutory or regulatory filings.
During fiscal 2018 and 2017
 we incurred audit fees with EisnerAmper LLP in the amount of $84
440 and $82
000
 respectively.

Audit-related
fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
review of our financial statements and not reported under Audit fees. No such fees were billed in fiscal 2018 or 2017.

Tax
fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to the preparation of our U.S. federal and state income tax returns
in fiscal

within the above disclosures about fees
 the Audit Committee has determined that the provision of such services is compatible
with maintaining 

The
Audit Committee&rsquo;s policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit related services
 tax services and other services. Pre-approval
is generally provided for up to one year
 and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services
and is generally subject to a specific budget. The Audit Committee has delegated the pre-approval authority to its chairperson
when expedition of services is necessary. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically
report to the full Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm
in accordance with this pre-approval and the fees for the services performed to date.


    
    


PART
IV



Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules.

    
    

    
Financial
    Statements

    
    

    
See
    Item 8.

    
    

    
Financial
    Statement Schedules

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Certificate
    of Incorporation
 as amended through June 1993(1)

    
    

    
Tofutti
    Brands Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan(3)

    
Promissory
    Note(4)

    
Security
    Agreement(5) 

    
Consent
    of EisnerAmper LLP

    
Certification
    by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
 as amended

    
Certification
    by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
 as amended

    
Certification
    by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002

    
Certification
    by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002

    
Instance
    Document

    
Schema
    Document

    
Calculation
    Linkbase Document

    
Definition
    Linkbase Document

    
Labels
    Linkbase Document

    
Presentation
    Linkbase Document







    
Filed
    as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30
 2017 and hereby incorporated by
    reference thereto.

    
Filed
    as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30
 2017 and hereby incorporated by
    reference thereto.

    
Filed
    as Appendix A to the Proxy Statement filed as the Registrant&rsquo;s Schedule 14A filed May 14
 2014 and hereby incorporated
    by reference thereto.

    
Filed
    as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 8-K bearing a cover date of January 6
 2016 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.

    
Filed
    as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 8-K bearing a cover date of January 6
 2016 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized on March 29
 2019.



    
TOFUTTI
    BRANDS INC.

    
(Registrant)
    

    
    

    
/s/
    David Mintz

    
David
    Mintz

    
Chairman
    of the Board and

    
Chief
    Executive Officer


In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Report has been signed below on March 29
 2019
 by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated.



/s/
    David Mintz
    
/s/
    Joseph N. Himy

David
    Mintz
    
    
    
Joseph
    N. Himy
    

    
    
    

/s/
    Steven Kass
    
/s/
    Scott Korman

Steven
                                         Kass
Secretary
        Treasurer and Chief Financial
and
        Principal Accounting Officer
    
Scott
    Korman
    

    
    
    

/s/
    Neal S. Axelrod
    
/s/
    Franklyn Korman

Neal
    S. Axelrod
    
    
Franklyn
                                         Snitow
        



    
    













     



EXHIBIT
23.1

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Tofutti Brands
 Inc. on Form S-8 (No. 333-198917) of
our report dated March 29
 2019
 on our audits of the financial statements as of December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
and for each of the fiscal years then ended
 which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about
March 29
 2019.



/s/
    EisnerAmper LLP
    

EISNERAMPER
    LLP
    



    

March
    29
 2019
    



    
    













     



Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
David Mintz
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tofutti Brands Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent function):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:
March 29
 2019



/s/
    David     Mintz*
    

David
    Mintz
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    


*
The originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made available
for inspection upon request.


    
    













     



Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Steven Kass
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tofutti Brands Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent function):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:
March 29
 2019



/s/
    Steven Kass*
    

Steven
    Kass
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    


*
The originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made available
for inspection upon request.


    
    













     



Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Tofutti Brands Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December
29
 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 David Mintz
 Chief
Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.



/s/
    David     Mintz*
    

David
    Mintz
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    

    
    

Date:
    March 29
 2019
    


*
The originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made available
for inspection upon request.

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall
not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference


    
    













     



Exhibit
32.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
Tofutti

 2018 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 
Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.



/s/
    Steven     Kass*
    

Steven
    Kass
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    

    
    

Date:
    March 29
 2019
    


*
The originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made available
for inspection upon request.

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall
not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference



    
    






















        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      


      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Revenues by geography:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Americas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Middle East&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Asia Pacific and Africa&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14



&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cheeses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Frozen Desserts and Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2018
 Tofutti Brands
 Inc.&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) had approximately $558 in cash compared to $1
414 at December 30
 2017. Net cash used in operating&#13;activities for the year ended December 29
 2018 was $725 compared to $1
288 provided by operating activities for the year ended&#13;December 30
 2017. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 29

 2018 compared to none for the fiscal year ended December 30

 2018 compared to $6 used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended December 30

 due to net losses and cash used in&#13;operations in prior years in order to provide the Company with additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided it with a loan of $500. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% is payable&#13;on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. The&#13;loan is convertible into the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of its common&#13;stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was entered into. In any event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
&#13;without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest&#13;balance under the loan
 and all of the Company&amp;#8217;s other obligations under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
 and&#13;Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies available to him. Initially due December 31
 2017
 the loan&#13;has been extended until December 31

 such as unforeseen cost and expenses
 economic environment
 increased&#13;competition
 and other factors beyond the Company&amp;#8217;s control. Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will operate&#13;profitably in the future
 or that it will not require significant additional financing in order to accomplish or exceed the objectives&#13;of its business plan. Consequently
 the Company&amp;#8217;s historical operating results cannot be relied on to be an indicator of&#13;future performance


 the development

 its goal is to focus&#13;on dairy free foods. The Company&amp;#8217;s chief operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but does not track more&#13;granular operating results by product group as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As a result
 the Company&#13;has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing of soy and other vegetable&#13;protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy and other vegetable protein-based cheese products. All&#13;long-lived assets are located in the United States

 2018 and December 30
 2017
 fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017

 sales promotion accruals

 vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products as detailed in Note 9 Revenue. The Company recognizes&#13;revenue when control over the products transfers to its customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products.&#13;The Company accounts for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities&#13;recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and&#13;estimated product returns. Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated&#13;at the time of sale. The Company bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption&#13;rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product returns

 such as pricing and quantities&#13;ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter&#13;duration. As such



&#13;2018 and December 30
 2017
 the Company derived approximately 82% and 88% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in&#13;both periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of three customers represented approximately 51%&#13;of total accounts receivable at December 29
 2018
 and three customers represented approximately 45% of total accounts receivable&#13;at December 30
 2017. In addition
 a significant portion of the Company&amp;#8217;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are&#13;large distribution companies with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted&#13;for 42% and 47% of the Company&amp;#8217;s net sales for the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30

 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable are&#13;most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and&#13;reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company&#13;determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s previous loss history
 the customer&amp;#8217;s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the condition&#13;of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible


&#13;a new

 2018 and December 30
 2017


 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211;&#13;Stock Compensation.&amp;#8221; Under ASC 718

 2018 and December 30
 2017
 stock equivalents of 80


 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares - denominator basic computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of dilutive stock options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5

 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable

 2018 and&#13;December 30
 2017

 2018&#13;and December 30
 2017

 2018 and December 30
 2017

 the FASB established Topic&#13;842
 Leases
 by issuing Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 which requires lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet&#13;and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 was subsequently amended by ASU No. 2018-01
 Land Easement Practical&#13;Expedient for Transition to Topic 842; ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases; ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted&#13;Improvements; and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors. The new standard establishes a right-of-use model (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;)&#13;that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than&#13;12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating

 2018. We adopted the new standard on December 30
 2018. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
&#13;applying the new standard to all leases existing at the date of initial application. An entity may choose to use either (1) its&#13;effective date or (2) the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial&#13;application. If an entity chooses the second option
 the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered&#13;into between the date of initial application and the effective date. The entity must also recast its comparative period financial&#13;statements and provide the disclosures required by the new standard for the comparative periods. The Company adopted the new standard&#13;on December 30
 2018 and used the effective date as its date of initial application. Consequently
 financial information will not&#13;be updated
 and the disclosures required under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before December 30

 which permits it not&#13;to reassess under the new standard its prior conclusions about lease identification

 for those leases that qualify
 the Company will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities


000 with corresponding ROU assets of the same amount

 2017
 the Company adopted&#13;Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Topic 606
 Revenue from Contacts with Customers (&amp;#8220;ASC 606&amp;#8221;).&#13;In accordance with ASC 606
 it was determined that the standard only impacted enhanced disclosure regarding revenue recognition
&#13;including disclosures of revenue streams
 performance obligations

 2017. Accordingly
 comparative periods have not been adjusted and continue to be reported under FASB ASC Topic&#13;605

 frozen desserts and other food products. Under ASC 606
 revenue is recognized when a customer&#13;obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange&#13;for those goods or services. The company recognizes revenue when obligations under the terms of a contract with customers are&#13;satisfied; generally
 this occurs with the transfer of control of the Company&amp;#8217;s products. Revenue is measured as the amount&#13;of net consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring products. Revenue from product sales is governed primarily&#13;by purchase orders (&amp;#8220;contracts&amp;#8221;) which specify quantity and product(s) ordered
 shipping terms and certain aspects&#13;of the transaction price including discounts. Contracts are at standalone pricing that is governed by a pricing list. A performance&#13;obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct service to the customer. The performance obligation in these contracts&#13;is determined by each of the individual purchase orders and the respective stated quantities
 with revenue being recognized at&#13;a point in time when obligations under the terms of the agreement are satisfied. This generally occurs with the transfer of control&#13;when the product is shipped or in most cases
 picked up from one of the Company&amp;#8217;s distribution locations



&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw materials and packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1


&#13;2017 (&amp;#8220;Enactment Date&amp;#8221;) and has several key provisions impacting accounting for and reporting of income taxes. The&#13;most significant provision reduces the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning on January 1
 2018. Although&#13;most provisions of tax reform were not effective until 2018
 the Company was required to record the effect of a change in tax law&#13;as of the Enactment Date on its deferred tax assets. The Company maintained a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax&#13;assets
 and there was no income tax expense recorded related to this change as of December 30
 2017. As of the Enactment Date

 the Securities Exchange Commission&#13;staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&amp;#8220;SAB 118&amp;#8221;) on December 22
 2017
 which allows the Company to record&#13;provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond one year of the Enactment Date. SAB 118 was issued to address&#13;the application of U.S. GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available
 prepared
 or analyzed&#13;(including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the Act. As of December&#13;29
 2018
 the Company has completed the accounting of the effects of the Act and has no adjustments to the effects recorded at&#13;December 30

 2018 and December 30

 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 30

 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income tax expense computed at federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income taxes

 2018 and December 30

 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 30

 2018
 the Company had no federal&#13;net operating loss carryforwards and $731 of state operating loss carryforwards
 net

 including generating taxable income for the past three fiscal years and future forecasts
 that it is more likely&#13;than not that the deferred tax assets will be utilized and has reversed the valuation allowance on the Company&amp;#8217;s deferred&#13;tax assets as of December 29


 2018 and December 30

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Increase due to reserves and tax positions related to current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Decrease due to Tax Cut and Jobs Act&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at December 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Increase due to reserves and tax positions related to current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at December 29

 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively. The amount&#13;of uncertain tax positions that would affect the effective tax rate if they were recognized is $201. The liability at December&#13;29



&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Automobile&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Manufacturing equipment installed at co-packer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets

 2018 and December 30
 2017 was $10 and $5
 &amp;#9;respectively. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018


 2014
 the shareholders of the Company&#13;approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2014 Plan&amp;#8221;). The 2014 Plan provides for grants of various types of awards&#13;that are designed to attract and retain highly qualified personnel who will contribute to the success of the Company and to provide&#13;incentives to participants in the 2014 Plan that are linked directly to increases in shareholder value which will therefore inure&#13;to the benefit of all shareholders of the Company. The Company intends to rely on a combination of multi-year performance awards
&#13;options and other stock-based awards for these purposes. The 2014 Plan made 250
000 shares of Common Stock available for awards.&#13;The 2014 Plan also permits performance-based 2014 awards paid under it to be tax deductible under Section 162(m) of the Internal&#13;Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 as &amp;#8220;performance-based compensation.&amp;#8221; As of December 29
 2018
 the Company has issued&#13;80

 2017 to December 29

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 29
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercisable at December 29
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80

 80
000 options were granted
&#13;&lt;font style=color: #1A1A1A&gt;with 26
668 of the options vesting at the respective grant date
 26
666 vesting in January 2016
 and&#13;26
666 vesting in January 2017.&lt;/font&gt; At the date of grant
 expected volatility was 69.8%-71.4%
 a risk-free rate of 1.3%-1.8%
&#13;0% expected dividends

 2018
 the intrinsic value&#13;of the options outstanding and exercisable was immaterial



 2016
 David Mintz
&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided it with a loan of $500. The loan
 which was originally set to expire&#13;on December 31
 2017 has been extended to December 31
 2020. No other terms of the loan were modified. Commencing March 31
 2016
&#13;interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without&#13;premium or penalty. The loan is convertible into the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the&#13;closing price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date the promissory note was entered into
 at the option of the holder.&#13;In any event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will&#13;increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all of the Company&amp;#8217;s other obligations&#13;under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable-related party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current maturity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable related party



&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Revenues by geography:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Americas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Middle East&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Asia Pacific and Africa&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cheeses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Frozen Desserts and Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14


 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 56%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Products transferred at a point in time&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14



&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw materials and packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1



&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Automobile&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Manufacturing equipment installed at co-packer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares - denominator basic computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of dilutive stock options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable-related party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current maturity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable related party

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    



 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 56%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Products transferred at a point in time&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14


 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses its administrative offices
 a warehouse
&#13;walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen. The Company&amp;#8217;s original lease agreement&#13;expired on July 1
 1999
 but it continues to occupy the premises on a monthly basis. Any changes by either the landlord or the&#13;Company remains subject to a six month notification period. The Company currently has no plans to enter into a long-term lease&#13;agreement for the facility. Rent expense was $81 in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017. The Company&amp;#8217;s management believes that&#13;the Cranford facility will continue to satisfy its space requirements for the foreseeable future and that if necessary


 2017 to December 29

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 29
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercisable at December 29
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80



000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80


 2018 and December 30

 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 30


 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income tax expense computed at federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income taxes


 2018 and December 30

 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 30


 2018 and December 30

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Increase due to reserves and tax positions related to current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Decrease due to Tax Cut and Jobs Act&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at December 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Increase due to reserves and tax positions related to current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at December 29


 the development


 its goal is to focus&#13;on dairy free foods. The Company&amp;#8217;s chief operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but does not track more&#13;granular operating results by product group as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As a result
 the Company&#13;has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing of soy and other vegetable&#13;protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy and other vegetable protein-based cheese products. All&#13;long-lived assets are located in the United States


 2018 and December 30
 2017
 fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017


 sales promotion accruals


 vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products as detailed in Note 9 Revenue. The Company&#13;recognizes revenue when control over the products transfers to its customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment&#13;of the products. The Company accounts for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for&#13;these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales&#13;incentives and estimated product returns. Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or&#13;returns
 are estimated at the time of sale. The Company bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization&#13;and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product returns

 such as pricing and&#13;quantities ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one&#13;year or shorter duration. As such




&#13;2018 and December 30
 2017
 the Company derived approximately 82% and 88% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in&#13;both periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of three customers represented approximately 51%&#13;of total accounts receivable at December 29
 2018
 and three customers represented approximately 45% of total accounts receivable&#13;at December 30
 2017. In addition
 a significant portion of the Company&amp;#8217;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are&#13;large distribution companies with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted&#13;for 42% and 47% of the Company&amp;#8217;s net sales for the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30


 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable&#13;are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts&#13;and reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company&#13;determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s previous loss history
 the customer&amp;#8217;s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the&#13;condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible



    

&#13;a new

 2018 and December 30
 2017




 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211;&#13;Stock Compensation&amp;#8221;. Under ASC 718


 2018 and December 30
 2017
 stock equivalents of 80


 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares - denominator basic computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of dilutive stock options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5


 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable


 2018 and&#13;December 30
 2017


 2018&#13;and December 30
 2017


 2018 and December 30
 2017


 the FASB established Topic&#13;842
 Leases
 by issuing Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 which requires lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet&#13;and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 was subsequently amended by ASU No. 2018-01
 Land Easement Practical&#13;Expedient for Transition to Topic 842; ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases; ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted&#13;Improvements; and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors. The new standard establishes a right-of-use model (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;)&#13;that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than&#13;12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating

 2018. We adopted the new standard on December 30
 2018. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
&#13;applying the new standard to all leases existing at the date of initial application. An entity may choose to use either (1) its&#13;effective date or (2) the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial&#13;application. If an entity chooses the second option
 the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered&#13;into between the date of initial application and the effective date. The entity must also recast its comparative period financial&#13;statements and provide the disclosures required by the new standard for the comparative periods. The Company adopted the new standard&#13;on December 30
 2018 and used the effective date as its date of initial application. Consequently
 financial information will not&#13;be updated
 and the disclosures required under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before December 30

 which permits it not&#13;to reassess under the new standard its prior conclusions about lease identification

 for those leases that qualify
 the Company will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities


000 with corresponding ROU assets of the same amount

 2017
 the Company adopted&#13;Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Topic 606
 Revenue from Contacts with Customers (&amp;#8220;ASC 606&amp;#8221;).&#13;In accordance with ASC 606
 it was determined that the standard only impacted enhanced disclosure regarding revenue recognition
&#13;including disclosures of revenue streams
 performance obligations

 2017. Accordingly
 comparative periods have not been adjusted and continue to be reported under FASB ASC Topic&#13;605

 frozen desserts and other food products. Under ASC 606
 revenue is recognized when a customer&#13;obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange&#13;for those goods or services. The company recognizes revenue when obligations under the terms of a contract with customers are&#13;satisfied; generally
 this occurs with the transfer of control of the Company&amp;#8217;s products. Revenue is measured as the amount&#13;of net consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring products. Revenue from product sales is governed primarily&#13;by purchase orders (&amp;#8220;contracts&amp;#8221;) which specify quantity and product(s) ordered
 shipping terms and certain aspects&#13;of the transaction price including discounts. Contracts are at standalone pricing that is governed by a pricing list. A performance&#13;obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct service to the customer. The performance obligation in these contracts&#13;is determined by each of the individual purchase orders and the respective stated quantities
 with revenue being recognized at&#13;a point in time when obligations under the terms of the agreement are satisfied. This generally occurs with the transfer of control&#13;when the product is shipped or in most cases
 picked up from one of the Company&amp;#8217;s distribution locations

    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      














      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and sales promotions of $491 and $386







      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



000 shares




000
000 shares
 issued and outstanding 5
153
706 shares at December 29
 2018 and December 30



      


      


      


      


      


      






























      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      





      


      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      


      


      






 numerator



      


      





      


      


      




      


      


      


      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      

      






      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      





      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      


 Plant


      

      











 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable








      





 Related Parties












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 29
 2018
Mar. 25
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018








































  2018







































































































026
741



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



153
706
































































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated)
 (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer or (6) Smaller Reporting Company and Large Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.




























Indicate if company meets the shell company criteria: a company with no or nominal operations
 and with no or nominal assets or assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents.






















































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017













414



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and sales promotions of $491 and $386
 respectively

128


770



Inventories
 net

714


483



















536


825










Fixed assets (net of accumulated depreciation of $0 and $19
 respectively)















890


851










































104



















140


608










Preferred stock - par value $.01 per share; authorized 100
000 shares
 none issued






Common stock - par value $.01 per share; authorized 15
000
000 shares
 issued and outstanding 5
153
706 shares at December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017















491


984





750


243





890


851




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.




























Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of deferred costs capitalized at the end of the reporting period that are expected to be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Current portion of the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date due within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer
 on all notes payable to banks paid on an installment with long term maturities. This can include the amount of any loans from the applicant firm. This does not
 however
 include any mortgage balances.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)(1)
20)



























The total amount due within more than 12 month
 or the operating cycle if longer
 on all notes payable to banks paid on an installment. This can include the amount of any loans from the applicant firm. This does not
 however
 include any mortgage balances.

























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017























Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

153
706


153
706



Common stock
 shares outstanding

153
706


153
706







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017











066


107





962


367





104


740












357


516



















671


768





732


990






















































154
000


154
000






















 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))




















































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.















































































































































Expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Balance at Dec. 31
 2016





280


470



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2016

153
706































Balance at Dec. 30
 2017





984


243



Balance
 shares at Dec. 30
 2017

153
706




















Balance at Dec. 29
 2018





491


750



Balance
 shares at Dec. 29
 2018

153
706










































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017






















































































































288










































282



CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 AT BEGINNING OF YEAR

414





CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 AT END OF YEAR



414



















































































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
















































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.















































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018








NOTE 1: LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES



 2018
 Tofutti Brands
 Inc.
(the &#8220;Company&#8221;) had approximately $558 in cash compared to $1
414 at December 30
 2017. Net cash used in operating
activities for the year ended December 29
 2018 was $725 compared to $1
288 provided by operating activities for the year ended
December 30
 2017. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 29
 2018 was primarily the result of increases
in accounts receivable of $463 and inventory of $336 and decreases in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $414 and deferred
revenue of $34. These uses of cash were partially offset by net income of $507.


for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2018 compared to none for the fiscal year ended December 30
 2017.


the fiscal year ended December 29
 2018 compared to $6 used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended December 30
 2017.


and met capital requirements primarily through positive cash flow from operations. However
 due to net losses and cash used in
operations in prior years in order to provide the Company with additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 the
Company&#8217;s Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided it with a loan of $500. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% is payable
on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. The
loan is convertible into the Company&#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of its common
stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was entered into. In any event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest
balance under the loan
 and all of the Company&#8217;s other obligations under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
 and
Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies available to him. Initially due December 31
 2017
 the loan
has been extended until December 31
 2020.


new products may be adversely affected by a number of factors
 such as unforeseen cost and expenses
 economic environment
 increased
competition
 and other factors beyond the Company&#8217;s control. Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will operate
profitably in the future
 or that it will not require significant additional financing in order to accomplish or exceed the objectives
of its business plan. Consequently
 the Company&#8217;s historical operating results cannot be relied on to be an indicator of
future performance
 and management cannot predict whether the Company will obtain or sustain positive operating cash flow or generate
net income in the future.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018








NOTE 2: DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS AND
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 - Tofutti Brands
Inc. (&#8220;Tofutti&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is engaged in one business segment
 the development
 production and marketing
of dairy free frozen desserts and other food products.

 The Company reports
on operating segments in accordance with standards for public companies to report information about operating segments and geographic
distribution of sales in financial statements. While the Company has multiple products and or product groups
 its goal is to focus
on dairy free foods. The Company&#8217;s chief operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but does not track more
granular operating results by product group as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As a result
 the Company
has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing of soy and other vegetable
protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy and other vegetable protein-based cheese products. All
long-lived assets are located in the United States
 the Company&#8217;s country of domicile.

 - The Company operates on
a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31st. Fiscal years for the financial statements included herein are the
fifty-two week fiscal periods ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017
 respectively.

 - The preparation
of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Significant estimates include allowance for doubtful accounts
 sales promotion accruals
 inventory reserves and reserves
for uncertain tax positions. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

 &#8211; The Company
primarily sell dairy free
 vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products as detailed in Note 9 Revenue. The Company recognizes
revenue when control over the products transfers to its customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products.
The Company accounts for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities
recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and
estimated product returns. Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated
at the time of sale. The Company bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption
rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product returns
 are monitored and adjusted each period until
the incentives or product returns are realized.


 such as pricing and quantities
ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter
duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with
U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. The Company generally does not have any unbilled receivables at the end of a period.

 -
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and unsecured
trade receivables. During the year
 the Company&#8217;s cash balance at its financial institution exceeded the FDIC limit of $250.


its customers&#8217; financial condition and does not require collateral. Management feels that credit risk beyond the established
allowances at December 30
 2017 is limited.


2018 and December 30
 2017
 the Company derived approximately 82% and 88% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in
both periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of three customers represented approximately 51%
of total accounts receivable at December 29
 2018
 and three customers represented approximately 45% of total accounts receivable
at December 30
 2017. In addition
 a significant portion of the Company&#8217;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are
large distribution companies with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted
for 42% and 47% of the Company&#8217;s net sales for the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017.

The majority of
the Company&#8217;s accounts receivables are due from distributors (domestic and international) and retailers. Credit is extended
based on evaluation of a customers&#8217; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable are
most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and
reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company
determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
the Company&#8217;s previous loss history
 the customer&#8217;s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the condition
of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible
and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the bad debt expense. The Company does not accrue interest
on accounts receivable past due.


- Deferred revenue represents amounts from sales of the Company&#8217;s product that have been billed and shipped
 but for which
the transactions have not met its revenue recognition criteria. The cost of the related product has been recorded as deferred costs
on its balance sheet.

 - The Company
considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

- Inventory is stated at
lower of cost or net realizable value determined by first in first out (FIFO) method. Inventories in excess of future demand or
approaching expiration are written down and charged to the provision for inventories. At the point of which loss is recognized
a new
 lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the
restoration or increase in the newly established cost basis.


41% of its finished products from one supplier and 20% and 17% of its finished products from another supplier during the periods
ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively.

 - Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded if there is uncertainty as to the realization of deferred tax assets.
The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&#8217;s assessment
is that the position is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be sustained by the
tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term &#8220;tax position&#8221; refers to a position
in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring current
or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.

- The Company
accounts for stock-based awards to employees and directors in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211;
Stock Compensation.&#8221; Under ASC 718
 share-based awards are valued at fair value on the date of grant and that fair value
is recognized over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. The Company values its stock option using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model.

- Basic earnings
per common share has been computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. For the fiscal
years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares were excluded from diluted earnings per
share calculations since the effect was anti-dilutive because the strike price was greater than the quoted market value at such
date.



    
    

        
        
December 29
 2018
    
    

        
        
December 30
 2017
    

Net income
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



- The fair value of financial instruments
 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
and accrued expenses are stated at their carrying values. The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short-term
nature of those instruments.

- Freight costs to ship
inventory to customers and to outside warehouses amounted to $918 and $960 during the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and
December 30
 2017
 respectively. Such costs are included in costs of goods sold.

 - The Company expenses
advertising costs as they are incurred. Advertising expenses amounted to $188 and $192 during the fiscal years December 29
 2018
and December 30
 2017
 respectively.

 - Costs of
new product development and product redesign are charged to expense as incurred. Product development costs amounted to $410 and
$393 during the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively.

 &#8211;
The Company considers the applicability and impact of all Accounting Standard Updates (&#8220;ASUs&#8221;). ASUs not discussed
below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on the Company&#8217;s balance
sheets or statements of operations.


 the FASB established Topic
842
 Leases
 by issuing Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 which requires lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet
and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 was subsequently amended by ASU No. 2018-01
 Land Easement Practical
Expedient for Transition to Topic 842; ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases; ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted
Improvements; and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors. The new standard establishes a right-of-use model (&#8220;ROU&#8221;)
that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than
12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense
recognition in the income statement.


on December 30
 2018. We adopted the new standard on December 30
 2018. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
applying the new standard to all leases existing at the date of initial application. An entity may choose to use either (1) its
effective date or (2) the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial
application. If an entity chooses the second option
 the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered
into between the date of initial application and the effective date. The entity must also recast its comparative period financial
statements and provide the disclosures required by the new standard for the comparative periods. The Company adopted the new standard
on December 30
 2018 and used the effective date as its date of initial application. Consequently
 financial information will not
be updated
 and the disclosures required under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before December 30
2018.


practical expedients in transition. The Company elected the &#8216;package of practical expedients&#8217;
 which permits it not
to reassess under the new standard its prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease classification and initial direct costs.


for an entity&#8217;s ongoing accounting. The Company elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all leases that qualify.
This means
 for those leases that qualify
 the Company will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities
 and this includes not
recognizing ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases of those assets in transition. The Company did not elect
the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components for any of its leases.


have a material effect on its financial statements. While the Company continues to assess all the effects of adoption
 it currently
believes the most significant effects relate to the recognition of new ROU assets and lease liabilities on its balance sheet for
its real estate and equipment operating leases and providing significant new disclosures about its leasing activities. The Company
does not expect a significant change in its leasing activities between now and adoption.


additional operating liabilities of approximately $370
000 with corresponding ROU assets of the same amount
 based on the present
value of the remaining minimum rental payments under current leasing standards for existing operating leases.


 2017
 the Company adopted
Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Topic 606
 Revenue from Contacts with Customers (&#8220;ASC 606&#8221;).
In accordance with ASC 606
 it was determined that the standard only impacted enhanced disclosure regarding revenue recognition
including disclosures of revenue streams
 performance obligations
 variable consideration and the related judgments and estimates
necessary to apply the new standard.


method. There was no cumulative effect of the initial application to be recognized as an adjustment to opening retained earnings
at December 31
 2017. Accordingly
 comparative periods have not been adjusted and continue to be reported under FASB ASC Topic
605
 Revenue Recognition (&#8220;ASC&#8221; 605).


of Tofutti branded plant-based cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products. Under ASC 606
 revenue is recognized when a customer
obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange
for those goods or services. The company recognizes revenue when obligations under the terms of a contract with customers are
satisfied; generally
 this occurs with the transfer of control of the Company&#8217;s products. Revenue is measured as the amount
of net consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring products. Revenue from product sales is governed primarily
by purchase orders (&#8220;contracts&#8221;) which specify quantity and product(s) ordered
 shipping terms and certain aspects
of the transaction price including discounts. Contracts are at standalone pricing that is governed by a pricing list. A performance
obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct service to the customer. The performance obligation in these contracts
is determined by each of the individual purchase orders and the respective stated quantities
 with revenue being recognized at
a point in time when obligations under the terms of the agreement are satisfied. This generally occurs with the transfer of control
when the product is shipped or in most cases
 picked up from one of the Company&#8217;s distribution locations
 by the customer.



































The entire disclosure for the business description and accounting policies concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity. Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018














    
    

December 29

        
    
    

December 30

        
    

    
    
    
1
061
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
714
    
    
    
1
483
    





































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]












    
    

December 29

        
    
    

December 30

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



29
 2018 and December 30
 2017 was $10 and $5
 &#9;respectively. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018
 an automobile with
a net book value of $3 was sold to a related party for $3. Proceeds from the sale were received in the first quarter of fiscal
2019.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]









 2014
 the shareholders of the Company
approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2014 Plan&#8221;). The 2014 Plan provides for grants of various types of awards
that are designed to attract and retain highly qualified personnel who will contribute to the success of the Company and to provide
incentives to participants in the 2014 Plan that are linked directly to increases in shareholder value which will therefore inure
to the benefit of all shareholders of the Company. The Company intends to rely on a combination of multi-year performance awards
options and other stock-based awards for these purposes. The 2014 Plan made 250
000 shares of Common Stock available for awards.
The 2014 Plan also permits performance-based 2014 awards paid under it to be tax deductible under Section 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 as &#8220;performance-based compensation.&#8221; As of December 29
 2018
 the Company has issued
80
000 non-qualified stock option awards under the 2014 Plan.


30
 2017 to December 29
 2018:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Outstanding at December 30
 2017
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 29
 2018
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 29
 2018
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    



about stock options outstanding at December 29
 2018:




        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
        
    
    

        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
80
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing formula. Expected volatilities and risk-free interest rates are based
upon the expected life of the grant. The interest rates used are the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant.


 80
000 options were granted

668 of the options vesting at the respective grant date
 26
666 vesting in January 2016
 and
26

 expected volatility was 69.8%-71.4%
 a risk-free rate of 1.3%-1.8%
0% expected dividends
 and an expected term of five years.


 2018
 the intrinsic value
of the options outstanding and exercisable was immaterial
 and there was $0 of total unrecognized compensation cost.







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018











in a one-story facility in Cranford
 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses its administrative offices
 a warehouse
walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen. The Company&#8217;s original lease agreement
expired on July 1
 1999
 but it continues to occupy the premises on a monthly basis. Any changes by either the landlord or the
Company remains subject to a six month notification period. The Company currently has no plans to enter into a long-term lease
agreement for the facility. Rent expense was $81 in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017. The Company&#8217;s management believes that
the Cranford facility will continue to satisfy its space requirements for the foreseeable future and that if necessary
 such space
can be replaced without a significant impact to the business.



































The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018











and state income taxes based on current tax law. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#8220;Act&#8221;) was enacted on December 22
2017 (&#8220;Enactment Date&#8221;) and has several key provisions impacting accounting for and reporting of income taxes. The
most significant provision reduces the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning on January 1
 2018. Although
most provisions of tax reform were not effective until 2018
 the Company was required to record the effect of a change in tax law
as of the Enactment Date on its deferred tax assets. The Company maintained a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax
assets
 and there was no income tax expense recorded related to this change as of December 30
 2017. As of the Enactment Date
the Company estimates that its deferred tax asset and related valuation allowance were each reduced by approximately $155.


 the Securities Exchange Commission
staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&#8220;SAB 118&#8221;) on December 22
 2017
 which allows the Company to record
provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond one year of the Enactment Date. SAB 118 was issued to address
the application of U.S. GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available
 prepared
 or analyzed
(including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the Act. As of December
29
 2018
 the Company has completed the accounting of the effects of the Act and has no adjustments to the effects recorded at
December 30
 2017.


for the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017 are as follows:



    
    
December 29
 

    
    
December 30
 

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



tax expense at the statutory tax rates of 21% and 34% and the Company&#8217;s actual tax expense for the fiscal years ended December
29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively
 follows:



    
    

December 29

        
    
    

December 30

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017 consist of the following components:



    
    
December 29
 

    
    
December 30
 

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2018
 the Company had no federal
net operating loss carryforwards and $731 of state operating loss carryforwards
 net
 which will begin to expire in 2033.


available evidence
 including generating taxable income for the past three fiscal years and future forecasts
 that it is more likely
than not that the deferred tax assets will be utilized and has reversed the valuation allowance on the Company&#8217;s deferred
tax assets as of December 29
 2018.


the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&#8217;s assessment is that the position is &#8220;more
likely than not&#8221; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be sustained by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the
technical merits of the position. The term &#8220;tax position&#8221; refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or
a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes.


the Company&#8217;s uncertain tax positions for the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017:



Balance at December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 30
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 29
 2018
    
    
    
    



related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for income taxes. The Company had approximately $29 and $21 of accrued
interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions at December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively. The amount
of uncertain tax positions that would affect the effective tax rate if they were recognized is $201. The liability at December
29
 2018 for uncertain tax positions is included in accrued expenses.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018











 the Company obtained an
auto loan of approximately $29 from a bank. The loan required 60 monthly payments of $0.535 through August 2019. Interest was charged
at a fixed nominal rate of 4.64%. The loan was fully paid off in May 2018.




 2016
 David Mintz
the Company&#8217;s Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided it with a loan of $500. The loan
 which was originally set to expire
on December 31
 2017 has been extended to December 31
 2020. No other terms of the loan were modified. Commencing March 31
 2016
interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without
premium or penalty. The loan is convertible into the Company&#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the
closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date the promissory note was entered into
 at the option of the holder.
In any event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will
increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all of the Company&#8217;s other obligations
under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
 and Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies
available to him.



    
    

December 29

        
    
    

December 30

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable related party
 net of current maturity
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018











as follows:



    
    

December 29

        
    
    

December 30

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
847
    
    
    
13
132
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
066
    
    
    
14
107
    



and 95% in fiscal 2017 of the Americas revenue is attributable to the United States. All of the Company&#8217;s assets are located
in the United States.





    
    

December 29

        
    
    

December 30

        
    

    
    
    
10
811
    
    
    
11
237
    

    
    
    
2
255
    
    
    
2
870
    

    
    
    
13
066
    
    
    
14
107
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

        
December 29
 2018
    
    

        
December 30
 2017
    

    
    
    
13
066
    
    
    
14
107
    

    
    
    
13
066
    
    
    
14
107
    





































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018








 - Tofutti Brands
Inc. (&#8220;Tofutti&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is engaged in one business segment
 the development
 production and
marketing of dairy free frozen desserts and other food products.





 The Company reports
on operating segments in accordance with standards for public companies to report information about operating segments and geographic
distribution of sales in financial statements. While the Company has multiple products and or product groups
 its goal is to focus
on dairy free foods. The Company&#8217;s chief operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but does not track more
granular operating results by product group as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As a result
 the Company
has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing of soy and other vegetable
protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy and other vegetable protein-based cheese products. All
long-lived assets are located in the United States
 the Company&#8217;s country of domicile.





 - The Company operates
on a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31st. Fiscal years for the financial statements included herein are
the fifty-two week fiscal periods ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017
 respectively.





 - The preparation
of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Significant estimates include allowance for doubtful accounts
 sales promotion accruals
 inventory reserves and reserves
for uncertain tax positions. Actual results could differ from those estimates.





 &#8211; The
Company primarily sell dairy free
 vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products as detailed in Note 9 Revenue. The Company
recognizes revenue when control over the products transfers to its customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment
of the products. The Company accounts for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for
these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales
incentives and estimated product returns. Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or
returns
 are estimated at the time of sale. The Company bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization
and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product returns
 are monitored and adjusted each
period until the incentives or product returns are realized.


 such as pricing and
quantities ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one
year or shorter duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in
accordance with U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. The Company generally does not have any unbilled receivables at the end
of a period.





 -
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and unsecured
trade receivables. During the year
 the Company&#8217;s cash balance at its financial institution exceeded the FDIC limit of $250.


its customers&#8217; financial condition and does not require collateral. Management feels that credit risk beyond the established
allowances at December 30
 2017 is limited.


2018 and December 30
 2017
 the Company derived approximately 82% and 88% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in
both periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of three customers represented approximately 51%
of total accounts receivable at December 29
 2018
 and three customers represented approximately 45% of total accounts receivable
at December 30
 2017. In addition
 a significant portion of the Company&#8217;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are
large distribution companies with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted
for 42% and 47% of the Company&#8217;s net sales for the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017.





The majority
of the Company&#8217;s accounts receivables are due from distributors (domestic and international) and retailers. Credit is extended
based on evaluation of a customers&#8217; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable
are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts
and reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company
determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
the Company&#8217;s previous loss history
 the customer&#8217;s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the
condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible
and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the bad debt expense. The Company does not accrue interest
on accounts receivable past due.






- Deferred revenue represents amounts from sales of the Company&#8217;s product that have been billed and shipped
 but for which
the transactions have not met its revenue recognition criteria. The cost of the related product has been recorded as deferred
costs on its balance sheet.





 - The Company
considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.





- Inventory is stated at
lower of cost or net realizable value determined by first in first out (FIFO) method. Inventories in excess of future demand or
approaching expiration are written down and charged to the provision for inventories. At the point of which loss is recognized
a new
 lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the
restoration or increase in the newly established cost basis.


41% of its finished products from one supplier and 20% and 17% of its finished products from another supplier during the periods
ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively.





 - Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded if there is uncertainty as to the realization of deferred tax assets.
The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&#8217;s
assessment is that the position is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be sustained
by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term &#8220;tax position&#8221; refers to a
position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring
current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.





- The Company
accounts for stock-based awards to employees and directors in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211;
Stock Compensation&#8221;. Under ASC 718
 share-based awards are valued at fair value on the date of grant and that fair value
is recognized over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. The Company values its stock option using the Black-
Scholes option pricing model.





- Basic earnings
per common share has been computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. For the fiscal
years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares were excluded from diluted earnings per
share calculations since the effect was anti-dilutive because the strike price was greater than the quoted market value at such
date.



    
    

        
        
December 29
 2018
    
    

        
        
December 30
 2017
    

Net income
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








- The fair value of financial instruments
 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
and accrued expenses are stated at their carrying values. The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short-term
nature of those instruments.





- Freight costs to ship
inventory to customers and to outside warehouses amounted to $918 and $960 during the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and
December 30
 2017
 respectively. Such costs are included in costs of goods sold.





 - The Company expenses
advertising costs as they are incurred. Advertising expenses amounted to $188 and $192 during the fiscal years December 29
 2018
and December 30
 2017
 respectively.





 - Costs of
new product development and product redesign are charged to expense as incurred. Product development costs amounted to $410 and
$393 during the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively.





 &#8211;
The Company considers the applicability and impact of all Accounting Standard Updates (&#8220;ASUs&#8221;). ASUs not discussed
below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on the Company&#8217;s balance
sheets or statements of operations.


 the FASB established Topic
842
 Leases
 by issuing Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 which requires lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet
and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 was subsequently amended by ASU No. 2018-01
 Land Easement Practical
Expedient for Transition to Topic 842; ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases; ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted
Improvements; and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors. The new standard establishes a right-of-use model (&#8220;ROU&#8221;)
that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than
12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense
recognition in the income statement.


on December 30
 2018. We adopted the new standard on December 30
 2018. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
applying the new standard to all leases existing at the date of initial application. An entity may choose to use either (1) its
effective date or (2) the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial
application. If an entity chooses the second option
 the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered
into between the date of initial application and the effective date. The entity must also recast its comparative period financial
statements and provide the disclosures required by the new standard for the comparative periods. The Company adopted the new standard
on December 30
 2018 and used the effective date as its date of initial application. Consequently
 financial information will not
be updated
 and the disclosures required under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before December 30
2018.


practical expedients in transition. The Company elected the &#8216;package of practical expedients&#8217;
 which permits it not
to reassess under the new standard its prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease classification and initial direct costs.


for an entity&#8217;s ongoing accounting. The Company elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all leases that qualify.
This means
 for those leases that qualify
 the Company will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities
 and this includes not
recognizing ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases of those assets in transition. The Company did not elect
the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components for any of its leases.


have a material effect on its financial statements. While the Company continues to assess all the effects of adoption
 it currently
believes the most significant effects relate to the recognition of new ROU assets and lease liabilities on its balance sheet for
its real estate and equipment operating leases and providing significant new disclosures about its leasing activities. The Company
does not expect a significant change in its leasing activities between now and adoption.


additional operating liabilities of approximately $370
000 with corresponding ROU assets of the same amount
 based on the present
value of the remaining minimum rental payments under current leasing standards for existing operating leases.


 2017
 the Company adopted
Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Topic 606
 Revenue from Contacts with Customers (&#8220;ASC 606&#8221;).
In accordance with ASC 606
 it was determined that the standard only impacted enhanced disclosure regarding revenue recognition
including disclosures of revenue streams
 performance obligations
 variable consideration and the related judgments and estimates
necessary to apply the new standard.


method. There was no cumulative effect of the initial application to be recognized as an adjustment to opening retained earnings
at December 31
 2017. Accordingly
 comparative periods have not been adjusted and continue to be reported under FASB ASC Topic
605
 Revenue Recognition (&#8220;ASC&#8221; 605).


of Tofutti branded plant-based cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products. Under ASC 606
 revenue is recognized when a customer
obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange
for those goods or services. The company recognizes revenue when obligations under the terms of a contract with customers are
satisfied; generally
 this occurs with the transfer of control of the Company&#8217;s products. Revenue is measured as the amount
of net consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring products. Revenue from product sales is governed primarily
by purchase orders (&#8220;contracts&#8221;) which specify quantity and product(s) ordered
 shipping terms and certain aspects
of the transaction price including discounts. Contracts are at standalone pricing that is governed by a pricing list. A performance
obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct service to the customer. The performance obligation in these contracts
is determined by each of the individual purchase orders and the respective stated quantities
 with revenue being recognized at
a point in time when obligations under the terms of the agreement are satisfied. This generally occurs with the transfer of control
when the product is shipped or in most cases
 picked up from one of the Company&#8217;s distribution locations
 by the customer.


























































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for determining an entity's fiscal year or other fiscal period. This disclosure may include identification of the fiscal period end-date
 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018










    
    

        
        
December 29
 2018
    
    

        
        
December 30
 2017
    

Net income
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018












    
    

December 29

        
    
    

December 30

        
    

    
    
    
1
061
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
714
    
    
    
1
483
    





































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]










    
    

December 29

        
    
    

December 30

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]







30
 2017 to December 29
 2018:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Outstanding at December 30
 2017
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 29
 2018
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 29
 2018
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    








about stock options outstanding at December 29
 2018:




        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
        
    
    

        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
80
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018









for the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017 are as follows:



    
    
December 29
 

    
    
December 30
 

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








tax expense at the statutory tax rates of 21% and 34% and the Company&#8217;s actual tax expense for the fiscal years ended December
29
 2018 and December 30
 2017
 respectively
 follows:



    
    

December 29

        
    
    

December 30

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017 consist of the following components:



    
    
December 29
 

    
    
December 30
 

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








the Company&#8217;s uncertain tax positions for the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 30
 2017:



Balance at December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 30
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 29
 2018
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018










    
    

December 29

        
    
    

December 30

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable related party
 net of current maturity
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 29
 2018









as follows:



    
    

December 29

        
    
    

December 30

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
847
    
    
    
13
132
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
066
    
    
    
14
107
    











    
    

December 29

        
    
    

December 30

        
    

    
    
    
10
811
    
    
    
11
237
    

    
    
    
2
255
    
    
    
2
870
    

    
    
    
13
066
    
    
    
14
107
    









    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

        
December 29
 2018
    
    

        
December 30
 2017
    

    
    
    
13
066
    
    
    
14
107
    

    
    
    
13
066
    
    
    
14
107
    









































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands





Jan. 06
 2016
Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016








414











288











































































































































  2020













Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.






















































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































Cash
 FDIC insured amount















000


000





962


367
























Operating lease
 right-of-use asset




















Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Geographic Concentration Risk [Member]













Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Distributors as Group Member



























































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.






















































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
























































Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.






















































































The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.


















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017









income
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation








154


154










Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation

154


154




































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017











061












Inventories
 net

714


483



































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017
















































































Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]



























Fixed assets
 net







































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Dec. 29
 2018
Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017
Jan. 31
 2017
Jan. 31
 2016
Jun. 10
 2014



















000




000













000
















































































































































































Share-based Compensation Award
 Tranche One [Member]

































668











Share-based Compensation Award
 Tranche Two [Member]







































666





Share-based Compensation Award
 Tranche Three [Member]





































666

















































000



































000











































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.

























































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.




























Number of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding that can be converted into shares under option plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 29
 2018
Jan. 02
 2016


Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]








000









000












000







000































































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.





























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
















000















000




















































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































200







  1999













































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 22
 2017
Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017


Corporate income tax rate
 percentage








Reduce in corporate income tax rate
 percentage

















Federal tax expense
 statutory tax rate











































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deductions. Including
 but not limited to
 extraterritorial income exclusion deduction
 qualified production activity deduction
 dividend deduction
 deduction for dividend paid to employee stock ownership plan
 Medicare prescription drug benefit subsidy deduction
 and other deductions.

























































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.

























































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017






























































Amount of current state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.



















































































































Amount of deferred state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017
















State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit










































































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.






















































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority noncontrolling interest income (loss)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 increase (decrease) in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 increase (decrease) in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017





















































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
























































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017









































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands









































  2020


























Note payable
 principal amount





























































































































Description of the frequency of periodic payments (monthly
 quarterly
 annual).

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 the carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable to banks
 excluding mortgage notes
 initially due beyond one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer.




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017























Note payable related party
 net of current maturity






































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties.




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017




















For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017











066


107



















847


132






































































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017











066


107



















811


237



















255


870







Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 29
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017











066


107



















066


107







Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.




























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( #J'?4X?(\\#P    !




NG_$ID5=+R!.($Q<0M<KPMHFFBQ*C=VY.6
MK1.!^ 8^Y?/GR4WZ6Z0


MK.+T# ?PC_4@: JBA588J45*YB F5^(HFTT2@RDV(4S7N.]Y^AFV$:@3JR
MU'.$

!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M


O

!#]*X@?4+ -)*F22$VB:9




MX=U*K


MAM(S1\\F]




BYX;6R%F-V.FS 0A5\%\0 %#]C *HG44%6MU$JK


FMMLSYZS;G6V;X/*@L/?%]Y9997[F;5]SW6



[EWNJD\&_/2-;[NUZ[?.=*%WK5=


7:F:/I/9W=I6E..6:R5
GL;KGG57Z]C

M'[#Q01\?3N
%FL0@D;VDZB52HHFF5-$?)&0M9(2(V@M=H.$C49! 1@)U0D

*(P#G@GBG6BJ!
TR%:106*\Q:@D MY%Q+J(

M2)

G? \

8T838BQ*@7EQ:6
MIZ*@6,3O^%90Y 6*.*&B4WM?)Z+@H)18B0)BCV(R*\O%4V)
??TU%0/$H,
M)D9#'Q %9++P RIX0@J*2(G!)C^5$AV/A4)X2^9X2$I*-YPT; 5%)/2)V;N





U'S?18PQ0*K(H4M[D6-F=\[]G]3&O&N?9M/:$VI\C#\:T

$%     @
M.H=]3M%H-;!3 @  
 $#BM;#IW+)08SM:%N3<=.A'778I6TA_;=%F P;UW??!UZ:<\WE
M@%<6/3RCGXC_ZG=4]+PYRK%I4<<:TCD4G3;N)W]=^<J@%+\;-+!%VY&I[ EY
ME9UOQXT+)!'Z
N)GK'-$)7C!_(<-7-44N\Z4_7=T15C()8E8XT P4]_.X<(X::<H J6%

M-*F5)C5I8HW&E$3:JU!]*+FAR*P4F4F1:!39




5*./ 

4B
MM[(L^YX


F\'<]8UV[.Q_
MIMK.M%XV*5D%E[Z?49(-$C:3T$D1F
ZG# S+D#$0SFX3;*&SP#1VO@-I[/
M:U@@#-'XT
:'\W@'
1LDD974PQAP$L=.(8@JI3!62*4)8(LW&$9)/$L2RIB
M=TRA2/!X@21&26)($CHD,4ABRG5$6T24A 0G252!
YOA

M).51XE2B(:XR0)1&0Q$F29$7=(H893CG-0@K_V!)*D[GM/L.EU4! 1


M1*.0$'=P_T-XRX2;)J.PJH5-$\.-CB%&!ZH:-
D
EMRYKHN+W$D*9CO22K9'
MNWGOO)TZU[K?_

ME99MKYL@%



:8PG([?O7^4XKF8(Z1H
MA^N?U9F5&SNQK3.ZP%O-7O#C$QH$A;8UJ/^[JCFN,B$QSCAFLJG=;I1AIO!
MT^E@6_]NVKE^]%_B;W!S&P !@


M:&V/0-FC#=G=B8&S)F]B?'G3&%B@I%QN)91$# * M)!,',0*H)Z)I1,*YE0
MR76G(YZ?*'IT!H!$*5YA@(+8-2ORC8I\@Z)(4=0ST521%_KQA)L%HR! BU0

M#)2L=[6.:&VPCNP3/5NUN
4R


5DFO54NN(&3]#Y5%WP9@A[M1]
MXGF7_'HU3FIT86(8\S'I[QC]A.%NN#\YXR4N_P-02P
$%     @ .H=]3M;[

MJNG^^K*^5?6WYFQ

_FR)M/E074W;_'*NZ2-ONL3YY

MBK3^L3-Y==NXRGTO



PQ_2:MU^JVQ]F2BATG2G[O\R;R3MY[Z1[


M6.,DG0E(

M72RABR5PP=M3:H*8N5@*%Y&E6\301@QLL$^VBT%CL 9+@;/E;0QPKX8+GN

MH%&04


MC53%9#&#H:98;@9D)I1F )B2PC46$^*@G(@/-12?II/F

M


A
M+V':$5@.:CX-$$*9&-=(I6UN
/$(+ LUGP=(TBP

&UL?5/;;IPP$/T5RQ\0[P)MMBM RJ:J6JF5
M5JF:/GMA N^4-LLZ=]W; BE#<J+[1G/.7-F/








_2N('U!R7-I5IR12K]/42IMTZK3U
M


M?0S?_Z;P'_G338(T$J3_+7$+\Z=*MNJI!MO$:7*D-$



M+W-H965T.2YX;6Q]4^V.U 4?17 RPSM.IFTC;966
TT62R1OW-M+







9L/CL/P@MG[CZC=02P
$


)A::@MXGAV
6XF/ #P&C6YU)J.1LS$LP
MOM8%W05!(*'R@8'C=H$'D#(0H8Q?


MO:.DAH8/TC^9\0O
]5Q3
A?_#2X@

MIYLLF6';@'0&I O@+N9A4Z*H_!/WO


$96Q'O4+Q#
M[Z5


2YX




SW5!
MDR ()%0^

M:/@@_:




QY1N7?P!02P
$%     @
M.H=]3B0@IFFS 0  T@

]'@/J9YKC%+QW^ PH<')3Y'I86-*ZH&Z[1
+%Z*9

M $T .@/V
0^9$D7EGYEC96[TB







KXAV*=^B]%OM#FK%K()IC
M3E


$%     @ .H=]3@1T^(VU
M 0  T@

M&Q



MV&PHJ$



3P%?)8QN=2:QD@OB4S0^U 7-HB!04/G((
)VA0=0*A(%
M&=]G3KJDC



M*AQ

MX^MPMM.838;'?OY!;/G&Y4]02P
$%     @ .H=]3B
G^R26 @  K H  !D



MK)09+QW!SEMWAS=[8@(

M69XW3#J//QVIVVLV@8_C._MGLWF]F2.5[)7GO[.32K=NZ#HG=J;77+WQ^@OK

M :@5


0.1$!0) 8*U)0)@ @\6
M68





MVS^U$\6KKC=$?8
:_P-02P


M6JF5HJVZ?79@ &M]H;8)V[_OV!*4OJ9X9SSEP\SD=C7UT'X
F;DMH5M/.^



?=




M?K/?:3OU]FS_^3/-@6R*)M!1Z2FQ:W
+=)V&JFFP;M\F1R@PZ;O(JNBSL
M8QKOY]\VO9OW+9.W(V'F\VSK\QQ@.6DMSAG7XP!9'0N.#^0%M.ZW9Y'C3

$%     @ .H=]3K 2^6V 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K





MU+.*3T6+EVF77=S'Z2;A


O WL5'

JFJEJIE5:IFCY[


W@I=!PML0-2G'[^P32


M971S+W-H965T


MI8VQ\9
T4#DIL[

KX&7/D@*%F\VGYCD;4?SU/O..D_58$7;P5D3
TC)]9\3


MZ-9[8FKY*+4JS.^E!G=N(1 0&$= \?EH\@A/-'[/G'21=('K_3O[LZ\=
M:[EP X]*_&I+VV1T3TD)%1^$?5'C9YCKV5$R%_\5KB 0[C)!C4()X[^D&(Q5

@N*+(+$$0W(B'
;2O8ZN(DZ-H_
M64


JSJYS%ER[\B_PM02P








J3;F/5H!I6VV\3LY325
M4Z!%/S\X9'GU\C]02P,$%     @ .H=]3L4CZ.FV 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W


:-L$/A/X0CA$ ILQ<R?A!-%9G D9NI]+\(3


M




:8_$J*+
M!@33=[*'SIY44@EFK*EJHGL%K/1!@A

MF/I] B['#




2PMRVBZQNAP!5^[G0J)!#YV=RY5U&[Y[ZV_47/LWM-Z;JMM/H(HV]
MH_XF55(:L*E$=[;@QCX5B\&A





M7%S;R;UG6GF5\LT

ME\'%)!HTFUZ#[S3D7K

MA'62JI


!$=MR!M&=582V.[J:


'=B3$&!*)+'K0*+4JA-
S@?F2/B5


BD*?3GS#:\JDTGK


4D$:PCZA/$-PDBJXX!
MPWI
\UX=
:2( 45L40R8Y(J)B$F22!) D@2BP1A&9AD(2!!*E%PIS%RD+]
ML?;M7Z@;
2D4DP(QF24F=98URQFUM+B@/&(IEI)!*1F0DEM2

M

T!F;(@ 'F+S

MMJ]!4&+7@T SQD2P


TRPGQ!@*&X].3L#P+E,V*PHQ!@*;-;C+V
MN&8 Z@$@9O_)0M#,X:?8#RCP S9SWBA^UEZU.UZ$(A9H T$)3-BL!]0X =L

$R#BN^5N4WU




MN5M+V6T0$E4-%(L5ZZ!5=XZ

MUN%PS-U'?[-=:[T1/#?0B]G:T9WL&7O1FZ^'W/4T$!HI'; ZG*!+1BC13&
M[]'3G4KJQ/GZZO[9]*YZV6

M%R!*KDE4C8H187Z=ZBPDHZ.+0J'X=;@VK;GVH_\US9X0C G!E. G[R:$8T+X
 T3\0(ZM!9 RB
M.6+J+4YAT
0/6 /FDD: U&2U:J56BK;J]MF!0T!K,+6=
ML/W[^L(BEM^Q/;QS)P9QS@;N7B5#8#RWCK6RQPU2@U[C&790$?E Q^@USLU
32K:
M2D??W-CV=AS=3DHFVC8AG CA3 BB_Q+(1 K G;.;-1'JFB13YZPOU9 S5W
M(M@3?9BE*=JSLWLZK=356Q&F<89O1FC'!PF7&(^(H[W/)IAF!M8'81;KH(
M+9\L^$%$M@7(I@Q M&'&

M)EDT26*R


M=#(X+GAM;(U5VXZ;


M'

=I[
MNI(#8R_:^'+

1ZGZIG:;9YDRU1RCOM0C258:N.E/V5A
\ [S^!ZS
MG6.6 P(I!8.


Z'!/_H5.Y7&#J6!.T#B#)#\1ZD6
MDXQ$AI-*DUD9H5M$ZA21.D1


JFE@WNR)
0E*X.)!::O4V!\


]L)W;^?/R@BX.XFQO9YCY_CV
X(VV/\LR

M;0]'[HE+UQ'^]P$H&P\H0.\#S^VYD7H Y]E SO 3Y

M#O4!?0GV1:KU1OKA5$LOCV=Y,38J^Y\JP[(UT! H93:@:CF@50JHT4QI_)

M;
E






M(A6Y1WT_]HHT*]WY5/4]5?
I/X@\*]E3Y=2'HDBK?PN6\]/



W:JS]Z=II1G

1OB^?N;^H
J7A;SG-9L
MR?
_V5KL9F[B.FNV20^Y^

ZU((7
M6D6F4J2O[3

M0 P/]VBQ41G V89K#$,,08A++XE/EX;_,OG,;$L+P1D8=H?@FQQX!IS2RB0
M


NNU3'F*74.!:XAE1Z78-?0*UU#L&@H
8=9[3X?;U$?U8M]0



M7QZ][@8[_P]02P

MY 541#RQ!FKUYL1X1:2:\C




M
 341692_40DR5+.6H=WI]40_5'@5: V

.Y6M4*O7+
!1BJ[:4:_9
M=AI_I


-



M3C]D7/1O:/!=^X]MF#*68NNHNQWOT-]BV8Q133B9*/;9N] N#  IH5LN C
MYX-&M;
?C9M1C@YN]125ZG1ZM#*-KZNO9/UK6YQIB:_N^GZXW?SV4MG .3
MJK*;^GMB3((*TGM2M[M0+7F84#A)/8S5F'=]J9M(UO0]%PV-/_L'4$L#!!0

R
M+GAM;(V4T8Z;
!!%?P7Q 3$Q)$!$D#9;5:W42M%6W3X[9!+0VIC:3MC^?6W#






?8&



S+GAM;'U4




81

MW '1$AM 5'R:4\!

MF:I6*.^EC.
L1Q=-M& .%A-M



&5B@OSGPO/


T+GAM;'U6VXZ;






1K37MYU_=
*@?.W\S@^ZGP ^.(
GI4AH+HYD:WE#'#I'W\'4G]
M2=

_]4E5A;_RO1




M$40.2(09@6+Q*!(#!L'9$!DUA
:S$X261!!1)YB))XP:@+G+9%@VB ?#


=
.F]1K @@@/X8@@ F85RX86[!0
4F7MQS$%+IPG#%P
&3GVR





'A'-
S=I-&OVDR9<:8)%X0GW)45H2[$/C?#PWP25J8BV]@R1M8A(Q4=K
MP2Q&\16@U@9Q&N U-=V8=(D2M-/9:1:':8DB.T8B14CL6 $&L:D25<Y(DU2


V+GAM;'V6VXZ;

L]




WH1:$T^'UXUJUY]J/_FQEL$(T&T62 LO\:Q*-!_&&0
MF.0'
I/J)RSQ9L59[_'A:W58'PJTC-5F[O6BV3OS3F4KU.IU$V?Y*KAJ1Z.F
M'#313(

M%M8N#)K4:%JCR6


M9$X(Z]14K@*%

M5X(2&*
 

MUDO= $W%_G S=





MC2S'AD$K&]X& DZ;\E:[W*#MX?#?1R
@]
)0?.7\WBZW$3KHPAH% IPT#T

*)7*AZYOT7







\B@B9VF=9H8(1@2@Y 8@(0SR%(3

@
2PP08TV  &


MSH%$*Q\0AML:_T=?EX H0N&
$]S]$^TA]8W*2]TJ[RT^;VZG^!9
V
(7HR

MB-



$$^$
M*+U)2#PA61#PZ

MX;
5\IBG$1//

+F(5UW$CI_
^!'9K LDJP*)$TBO8J2+
M&.&.$SG,0
%T%N8ZZ


!  !B!   &0   'AL+W=O


2YX;6Q]5-MNG# 0_17+'Q!S:[)9 5)VJZJ56FF5

()81A_9DVZN'3$]?Y5
M_8O/'7

^7RB9$[^.UQ (-Q%@CX*)8S_


%X2J:;\





O$I&I IDU<&)-4:72?E+I
W1SZ24$O4@]7:LS;]ME.)*N[JX'3WT^2_U!+
M P04      ZAWU.^2-)R3$  $!@  &0   'AL+W=O

MN6!$Z:
X!;(50 XVB=$ AV$:

T;$WPU0WJU]
MY%\#C_6I4B80%'E+3O 3U*]V)_0I&%D.-8-&UKSQ!!S7_CU:;5%H$BSB=PV=
MG.P]8V7/^9
Y?#NL_= H @JE


M XN6PLA+O]:-7;N!_YKF3L!# AX34/K?A&A(B%X38FN^5V:M?B&*%+G@G2?Z



Y9^8

S3K%41]X@
7# E2%1@@+/



!-%JHS?BZ:[IM3$[?ZB_MEX5UY.6

7QC14+*O*]Q%[
SEK
SE+
/]S$5H'X







M9Z_O[

M4']Z'\:YL^+)(LMH0I2/8;

M










66I



'G *Z=L!L.WA\2W-[XOMMTA


SX<.20YF/RRR M^
M;9&B:$U!D*
6M(U_(Y_D15V3R!M+Q#[4;+#%WD?]PM+?X3HK+O5\E/+;&\
- P<?3Q^OIB^ &&#BZ$032 ?G9U\P'8
MT=6E@]E2R).Q'CDR]B(B3@AOR?0H)9;-S)/X<!=C*T9ODJ?O+H=BNX;<7$.


2: 598$@\)Q5;
MW5:_VZ]8J5I M86A+DU7YH8%)5T1GT-@ENCWDQB?\%B\CV$NM@Y[^_67]XZ.





M)Y#X%0% 8!J4!3A(2X/%AQ1EQ0M.+X=.F%LQ#&H;W)R@[@ZA'L++A+&:$1

QP&%SN



04O*[Q=QD

M9J  P4I3I*8%)B. R 

HP0#89$1&153N*)5OAEK
MGYH


M6=H6ZTJY1LD=:D]QA%(O07CPK%&]F

0M&Z<G5QTLR?J^O


M19=GAFQA#(0 API2(






C(DN!C!E$/=PQ!XQ&@SM^!$%.G


T


M3'3^10?U3ZV@/C_!.U93*L'(@7^/E8(#'.]

[= O@5%(.


;

X7I&
MN3[




M%:6VJ$UWPV[S
32YO/M\)',%8N4H\Z+*-SCS;8H




LP

CTV/DHGNI9K1EH065BP(A@VZ^0;K\^F
M&F2OG%-@7'Y\8#5_S=@DM/G7
H(T21]5DC-CNDH
!N4E65@*;6#%5:P]VPB\

M

S2J(%)#_ 0(YJ
:3676L%S$OQ

L3XAA7;LH/$+?$Y!%:#GC)@&SG(JZRJY.D0Q2^+R4.IGDD=
M;@D2B4%5M/$+HU[6Q&%;(X400JH1ZB^YUOK]ID
PD\#.)W1G
H[S)ZE0=3!(



9(

Z?P.$6\&&=[P%3$]9F/1 3,V#L0XHHQ28S#Y'



M53:J4M X/ R8(

0'[

B\5PT62!0K]V5J6T

MZY;

MQIP
?]D[)6KLO:%J@\O;JQO


3F/96.!&;]Q8S9D3I-H2





2%R6:6YH,BB-,2;(G&_MHL+URXT%V[-Q)KDF\FGLKL*QKBHDJ=L#T







MEB+';NG?ZA:X$-GY$&UMC0UH\YY
(YL8

2@ZNZ
QEK#D
M:IE=;2LACD'5:8NAMDD_I^@LOK#8*+E[CUF\%7J,=@^HXL:+.8*!F/9QH@P
MQ0T((+Y*M14H\$?)=_

F!O


(TO.&A
.5'9#=:@*H!%'P7-.
MV-[-R4Q3HZB@X@0. ^@7A

MVZ-@^21R!TP@U1U:L&@IC#]A=R:\ +^I7$)0
[+H0:?-41#&+1V@Q80RD-

-;1


KE!?32Y0
M

M2 &][BL[QZJ4.UV3518C#3U
^?W67E TX))H2\U8:%*TUH00N5K05;H1QR:#
M1H5;
A6_GS#)EN!C4,3^U,<
MP;O[2GF3;Z=<&Q)2MBY2$#O(J_'L[OX^ &7BX+H($ PZT*1(# ]U+ (M3;F

;4[

MBG)I
@'6G=-QV8%06*0LWD(G153H:B@5C
O*KMG54BT.YNH8;R4E6MOS+2Y#
MIU@+\9
P7H*J%FR7P1
PDH8J





.R
MVP

:NXN)
M_0Y2(7=7W@8 =E2LHWRC4KNJ6I=V&H%
EC+)P\2X
H'=D2XPC4
M+: 4=2KQAAV&7T+NI
+M2151S3$AG@M.*_1%-B#;6VB8=Y\WM)*%B5PI!2
M^ 3\ 0,H:L..JO
HX*:.I4%NLM^4UE(TY 36#*=T^Z[FLI;YD2Q-;.W7A+Z

E\YKIJ7:#)3



MZ-A/3M^B#!GK



M;#8!4I9T3%37D$KK0


7#^*0G' +-/3$LWET*X^A[X=_+):L9F/$J@5&H'=ME
%;\9

MWHW3T)VTY(!XBJZ/!/29I9+!.N7DFC)CKM:TQ//RRJ]LB:=!-9I86$81 &S4


\K



5\F4[@


M46\'X32#


MPG
75U\V@DTS&75I=34Q75O_9A3C41/\(Y5'!L NKV&NEA:_ZYIE'TFWQ-GI
M^0FZ5SF^2H%5IQ*#NY2I3$?+S
NMWF;U20VMSIPR$


F]ID7S70V&GI7(D
MJI6]5
G;M&;U6

MODI#Z[4ZKVD5DF#8+=6NEDE03?C;[WHA\W)&$\(Q\M]ZX4A7 *Z&RPR[2F0C

W+K




M?^/54Y/






D-
MK@K\W



(F%-H9A4UCFC(
F\9;6'Q29N%SM'M*#VSFWHTY






F%T8L(T)D

MM 6E:;:/?%.D7D.GA]W4%:=JGO^'FI^[SR4(4(3MBS9;_YR[_(\5VT/ZCS6[












Z
SX=0$V-B%BF(+9(F]5QX+I5C9]Q:
M'C9S8DQ
*
4^A9)V9ZB*
3&U%/M5RW9WQKL5F&/*?3YC;'4GU
68F&U*8MM@
MF O=QIB8=DIB[:P?CG9

28F
MH))80 CFA:B3V8

&PO7W)E;'


M GTT6 @T\S9^9*U?WL
^3]NJC


[/6E.W.P6












4



2YX;6Q02P$% ,4
M  ZAWU.TA5M[)
#  #


M4$L! A0#%     @ .H=]3M;[M[#$ P  JQ$  !@              ( !C!@




!  #2 P  &

M3H.(F=2S 0  T@

O



M  @ .H=]3EI;6%JV 0  T@

M:&5E='

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      ZAWU.)F:;
!  #2 P


3

M 0  T@



M+W-H965T

4


M=#(Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #J'?4[%(^CIM@$  -(#   9



M='

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      ZAWU.C2W4-=$  #W@  &0

M Q0    ( #J'?4ZTJV9'  
  *(
   9                6=!  !X;]W




M;6Q02P$% ,4      ZAWU.O%RW?.(!  #D!   &0              @ $$


M965T




P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #J'?4X^:$R%7@(   0(   9



 @  U 4  !D              ( !IE
  'AL


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      ZAWU.H/97$_H!

S
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #J'?4YB]T%3@(  !\(   9              




Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #J'?4YW49V(




2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      Z

M% 


4      [AWU.$Z1#MK4!  !2&P  $P
M    @ &]J   6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+!08     -0 U &4.  C
%J@     !
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001493152-19-004276-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( #N'?4ZH.U C#X
  

#$X
3(R.2YX

M
0T- ZIZ5__9F95X2)( B1X21A/V()5&5E965FY?F/__-C:+-GX?F6Z_SR
MKK7??


?_]
.W





MF8'W

CY%M

0
6^Y%XP?/.[XW C@ ?]TG/RE]\/RW_V*E/PI
MBX!_?
R=*PGGQWQ %R
%V&XO0
'W:[Q1T0S1;Q.O@91.OW083V^F7EF.@M0Q


8

G53+#.:+D[
!M[PA=[ACG@TLT;_X(8PPL)[%












%\

#@%(B6-J/?/1-9&Z#SU5Q3_Q!^8#E/&96S^/HW






MRH.%


MC


DJ
M@[&0U;[5:6\0Q&(RJ7N\/(BJ6BB2U
6/0'APJ*
RM:?C. ZSYPGN/Z UY0%@
M/;6!\Q0]#[_^;SOX/&)^

ME7RA#[-\8BUXGF'LC

XN&EO_L=RWG
T
(][AM

7M*A)LR3SSA@0


M[]J6F5ZD'FL90IB^!!CX$?\X%X8
!VF?-&@UCSGG9WW@X G/!6
36U@3AR:.

LQ4

SF-Q
[;BX/N%;G*G$:\8=D\G4ZY)L?P8

57&G[]33AB:XEH


M

-8&VK4
MD/A I667.IE+3

M_ 8LQ^

:2F&L=9:ZC)6&\$[[@
MGH'%7L[%L[!=4G&KQ.)!1M&?.6

C:
M0!











T



BH2'Q ?

@P]?_WE_P;[^\T%_
M-D%=HC]@1X:6[Z.T=ESX#KD0Y1D2J07N/FADA 
4N81[D

&@R?A;XQ&




S!HCEBUTN9@A$)$?&G/]?NA35 Y,*^J
MF^!KOL)-/,=(+S?%T8@=7[.@&H1NT!N?3@.K@= PF@#/$XA)AR *BNPLKP?
MT)YK;;C!!+ &.%\&4
NSY;D.BIM&=#0D:2&G$P&Q=DG9DG353 #6V%4')I\;
MD4\)J)

PBX
MZX7(OT@-@==)#
!;.(


M3B+Z$3

92QP@'//9$_0^U-XAJ4VIO]9')




_BKA4$B8EN
M8^LQU(0KBRW%]W
0*CXVJI-+8_\:6';ZNH9JVA!$C36R1:QC$'7$M9HP7WD$



M&]S V@V@J2%RBYYTVG-WG#C.S^))!-&]%=X+A.7LX8U5F(T9'*&AOTCQ QIX
MR@1

H/1]P T$\#O
M8C3MC.,15JT.]-U,RI+$904H$64$ZDUX1UQ.)*&$N*L\@*L_$HH3I'3#*4'











M\2

MRGF1-2J^X8E'R;$]/7R# (YFE^Q2\D5R9J@5IHGID=SS$IDQ]X)'(P@UAXS


65JW(\]J8M $5:HQU6X#O_A;F&^$$_Y3C!49XZTH06V:

^89CGP+ASX
MIX1
]F2.?'*+!OP9S@+=RDA!)OZ#0ENZRD$N$\71I0_G 38&!\2E^Z?R:\)6










MEZ$-/RNMEV[\'C #J=0QU&%YJ@ )E^JUK'XDGI@&;G5B-7.1D)DX60)86:B
MP2B'9ZB3-)27Y -&:'05^=.$T_C29.9?*P

M8]C@;!M9=+%6EB]Z*F



M8R.RHD94EC14*UI3H4OCZ&%@G@ !W(R(25+89?IN] )'4/A[;K^?BP2R;\%
M&&A%
2RA@[2
+@6

DK@OF
HN!7X?@B&S*0$A29W%)
MJZ*#T(=LHP&
5C1F9&&6 KUTZV
M!TU1%
JF-$.X-HC@K9'1F;Y@TQ^)5

U).X)6&&P



)-35X



M9.3]VY^V5)9=YA!X UJV&4;!/BE*X^0EQ#=E=%/D.
10?2!3NE3 SUPF1B7#


;N'HN/E9T8C*DY!:A!9ZN(K_ ./T
M

MF% /Z;#(*

M=Y]=ICPE!

6P!(!.\

M.6^0\LJ(AOJ8[PRUW)S**'$QZ(E+_DTW8JB_758\WRH)R5ZS1KSEKR&UF
M\]B@H6.UQ@WL+
1C-;[

MOXH3]0FR9$((!G
D0TKZF4QX]9[._XQ3\W6R?C)%/^'@;^2EZC0FFI7(D)V\

U$#'%R:=K]K^+-J.;%'L:9$0P.#U1A+!DM

M
(8*JWFB;OQ6Z@%$N]XS24&BN*U

MCS53*
H46%] IG;&&3QJ2W'SXSV_S1E


#';


[4G6[CP_:#?:%&M8U
M
![5\GWLTIY'+[XB&/8!2.)G=NWNTQ1[S;;60'7Y5
H6%;JNN
[!L&5;/!?K







M*X35]

M^27*RIS'TY4M$SWUM-H9*9VJ:DU2Z;0HK(/8EA5U

MZW'@3J4.!W: =1*)[&-=74-]H9.1=(D:@11)KZLS1.+(X)$U=U&MX2'C0N


SQ5/CNA7YXT6ZH^.^J%KY$NMO


!$[NG<\V IRXRSZ21 V


]%O
6I4HOQ!6.N-2Y^NND=G-

MTR_)+
D3@B+/0'S6Y\2!-MH;)G



,C&_B<
MK I.=P'5]BLJ**1;ANDV? IG<RKMQAVTF+S(RI)Q7/EF9^:
+#T9VE$RENQ
M@LV3C0ZS
Q




S6%5^R4M:BF C&R6
M$C+R'V/5%Y)W-E:8U&6+=!6P:.VP6A[]:EO82K27E
_JJ$3%ORV?GJ=S(DN-
M122&MRY-(YQJWP.8052A25W*- U* L_7!)2!WH]+M$M\6'ZF$BQU]XKD$)41





 IA0\I2GK

M84RI/8YL5I9/B?M
04WDKY:-L4BFZ0G?C^@T&2\# Q&3^JW7N\6C[5M!J/R)








M$
M.U.

M7I

M;.)D':

M5C/ G)30G27%#^V34EM58






M^F






@U;%





IDNJP'ETOJ!?@YI2)V6


EFK*==NB3+5B6+=(&X01*&IZ'K=$TZIWCWL!=[]J=64
MOH1N0P6RGGQ.F_?/I6XMK9:A%PS87R'W


T
F54K/90H(=D3';[GSK[[-9S#2%
G_4]=R@;


MS/4#_W[ /7&*



MGV+GD3=8AC6B%:A3'R\S@MFV




S&@=MC\



MMJ?=7/GV'.P?E US7@*7N^%7^ TO\G #V69OPM:$R5?G)]P%;\$;1/OZA/MR



A6OZJB%

5Q5?]


JX8



-U8
M36(C4GEAB.Y[U.#A_)




TVJ/J;A*7?9 GA+18VYZ%
M7DG=[B

M5Y #

M'PU0_@##?Z(P&7;1;<&Y5;Z*ZS4^19M0E66<YQ^OWV-%H-7:29:;@MKXGC5







MF*E-9F]Y9VJ366WX6

W
W<)';;]7%\.LXL!TUG=1&K6W=F2TQ:N7;GHH4#BA0$6B



M'O =_B2N0[QXW_3OL9?R31B 






&@=*

M=\(7WG-&H5=F@$)*_'$[?=\K






$2G+

M+:LB;UPUJXSS?RZXYUC.DP^3:LF1=

ML]G


IPBB!N
^XR;6K('?TE)I^7O.
M&Z2\
J*A/N8[@.RUW!R*R&%EXF
-%6^7MD@*_NY!O3AZ4LW*=

!5E'RL93+=S)T08RX95[\P.@C

M8*##J2]^&':(!(.#P/]A)WY4DL?5ZC0/TREHTROL7
#F/-6U_K^.!HQ]9W
M$6+I@B*K.S@YWJ&UZ9@PW^*WW+#ZQ%EZ?=S+0G&!G5U:K(XI_VJ9IBTNN!\4




243!ZA@P3TCB[_.IV@=#I!P08A
M=01WW3OC36]ZW3MCBWIG8
(FYGPB][SI# SR -2KI07G_7AVYS%9T[:VR^

MK(@9UI$DKV);UA1(4NR6KZT$IK ^73@!G/(SBD&\QUP 68\F41(^+SSC9*_9




#6
S



Z0&2(ZL@HEE?1HL

M3II]&OH@9?SRN.O*F3DZ1&F9SD8BCPGO



W0=%[0.1$V+J

0-]FV!4T!

M!Q

%8!7&HOM*L%+%R2I


M]

M[+AIIVS




.$U%@2WU!
G)%





M[5(%#!#'E.+[X$JK0_0[UC:]=H
X=@?G%?A?_LH;68M$7
MT['5.9F'K6K 7BF*OHU&*T31P5QC235@KQ1%40FQF<K&E^]UE$YR
5N!0M.
M.SE=YNC?B2&W




]R0CJG0F[Q=)=P

M&)9M25(69FAL?L'MUKP%3P
[NV@TGTE]WK;=%V2DV9CILP%RDRMG3EW3BI:=
M%P:1:05:%N1%]KD77 K@LMRF




M\6J*Q:&?K'DU#P

L-;?-J.(+[4730\WA*J84T^W+G.DG@OY5D4O):CT









PBO.(-
MZ6'I@&CGEW?M=U4
MQU#;


WT)
/ C_H&-
YE =Q^M







IGCV

MGPD$!3
@ ?FS_SP\3_  G!SGSKAQR=.2[L/*@2E$HV(E=D:LW
D XT &/

ML9
-(IQ?H&1





ME_)H)L)
*=F

M59N3K22SRYD 13&LJ,6K;]7E%+*TN44Y:7F78)\HK(8VY



REDL'*GJXWOBVO*E$T%KAG7M*VZ5+SM3'M#ZFY6\D

M/#WK*Z
-PH+


MU#RQ_1SQC%I%44\EQ0?N1W*NS?'ZREVB-M94OS0/BFU506&W-VHAP^=DU(






7M=7RS&!#6-2)OI.# H:@;]= F5:4F8(VH\7


7WN(3%]Y3;9.]-]OWMM&@'=ZF

V[G
















M3$NBVA/
MX86CL2'KO/D4UDY4/@D$/NL!P^IH1NI
G((!6+5%('PAG#
L



M?&$V9G2AOXBQ4=D0$[^!$P/3F/#M@K$3\2!6,^6U?EL%RO36\]8T$A&X-V

MB[CF3G



MS0-)R4+YD*H2!P(F]



+%9?DL)2'PJI

B=;XP:D

$ER=H02UU7TE&C1!E6I


58B#.]A=K3-*I-+7^%(#E@2

M\M^VK23\KQ!% B2 K




1STN?$C*L[QZ
M9Y)-UD @]+/?@Y-VXMQ$:2VFFZ%;ENH!17)7!)
Y*G7GU3WB97RBV^FY[_@L




-8:%F=WCKWP!M&2A3/?_



M%RG34=?Q8#:VOQS][U)@MM7%/X910C]'WFY08KSI';SQ:L\[9-[441BR$1


Y=@2JLZY9CH!&E7))^&3N(%
M+LREV_J[S-FT#]2#Y=RD

KO:U ])'%

..
MR=_D9719W#'\M$I!S4^S@N-44%?05NR,88K[X\.87_X_47O2@^#LNF(@Q+
MII*$P.8E:2T





M19#DG)1+Y_
7R8/<%M1ZNV)4PNY([QA'@56?Q(1/']


]1
(R

%I(.






3

M04:K;NR/EI

M24U(&]



4XA9TV=@!I$)J@4




41*;53A6
;__<*^7_89J1D#!
MHXBR7H!(.NBE5H+)[A%)W
_^*/L\Q

M
=3.*H0_7F?;. ($[
M*

R@K




MUU1E*
\
_&OU[%+

,D02;H,68+8&S4 =L::+2!:
M)MIIW=T@C/S&Z4;FDSJJ:K7=91B;L;K5;#V$.MX-6^U!?M(MU/I5/0(B4QF5
MV!50. S)N+I]?K?$KD@1Y;G0:RQU'@&]/A3E<0D%&14OSI8&Q9[#<6OY1
!

67+2VLA?V
M
8AIW4S9H+%O
&PAD,'(,-DT3P%9O=;*DYURVH/2BCLI\0Z-RN&M9.VWH$0
M\'R9TIO3:E:


MZA![UV]LX
)Q


MT

M!
WISH

P\J*I&-_A6?A+VZ;!/N:
M8X*+:89%!.A4
RP

16

+<=2JU/??T4LE



$STSOU;










M::O1?JS&T.C(]NKD=\:G)KU[



MIHQT[M_1Y:B[E:.?IN



MX#_M;G



&VVPKO'KQ?FMH:M%
MA(?3@++[

M$^\UHLX

85S5QBVZ;3@
'&CXQY'.L$
=T3NP&^D?
(&4

ML-L_

[P&V(JIYE21SAF!=%S)4/Z#46X-:(



/X D7*7AV@QN)@SP2%FL50]FC4^*?2)GN^NT&

9SG!
MT 8U^NT/8

Z1F18:WBK&\Y(I A3[#_2 N)#
M[FB^


MJET:5#K =D5@1[BDW1WB0@V;J1



MW%J9VIT+A?
(N^#-@IDIA:L
E%7TEJ\B+@(W'(7SAVQ]_#JIY^)OI7XQZ 4P
MW-1N9-PG%]F14@I:):&R3R_*QXJ3P@G)[K*3CM?1DH? &@!6\XD'P8%R(S-L


:$)4:P8





MW2HHE?$E?]3G0M9.%RG4^IF2

M9XJ
-24$(.Q+6#=3?U1\'!R7(O$42!Q.0;IV2=/\F#J3P(S$U
B1\+^M8V

M7)QBOTOZRKS7K


)W0
M!(;(W15IMSW+E'X^8;XTF!46K15I7\*:E4P6\1F-_I(C;NEPJ18[N;72WU

[\'


M2?O6;3T)%3_G^8@76K=N)V0\%6/
B


M/-&G:V=/=[%K!L

3@Q

M;


MWIV/QWN 11#[

MHQ/P!6%$843HS^!7&



XBEB8WP7


MP? 6

M*KPE7DM#%J(FK:;AH%X3&QN H54'=4!X3;OX;-)'52=@+ABD2(AY4E? @;






MM7+MB:_[8

ML Q:2+PG%#LF"T2'&*1FZ+F$#V(/=&Q&PPA7Q+ZC?1V'$LD]D91@
#](M



M0ZV4&6N'5EDST=LYLK*)N7'6D].,949&4=6R:C2RSGCWUT@(&?C0*Q?QW-

M3=4D=R/LU_B5=$Y0I1I4FUSJ4[M1FAOB!=5CK'QF4 'X(PB +4'
*KTEJ$




M




M4!B^8-'
*I32V78M08OQ_]*_9QKY5\A_8XB$R+4E+9;MD5=3HZ1\8M8HC#
M$?NE1SR2A$3NQFEDID'








H1V'5BKCX_LSIPO$MUH(TA^^\LE^^;6/4
:_K'
MFO2&
P!#!\EJT

XT1XV;^
S






M
#4/P!=P*J&RX/^W +3Z=?@1B5XIC);0+?6J_ %\$J ;1@#@%=IOF5L;.^









M1?F

'Z)BPUO7_A&$-MQMT[


MRF;MTOG$;6YRR:

V+V6H!IE


<]3/;^_E___F\.__/+?^SO

\)G]SKL$
?G*^0 PI8(3^S?D5^*'XA%PA'U+GG
SF/F20
M?Q%7_



^ +?=Y/(62!#E5IXN9AW +*19]AES@
M5\)4FK,1@*(?0L%(
26^QT?*RW^%




M4%O_6C(+QIMNQIU6QI_-((U$&VA9['P=30^Z9A)(
S0] )O!D69H?# VPR//
MT?3X:$J7)$/C8Z49'GF.)L=-


VX

8H'C:_\
MUQQN^





M+V%W8O\*0^\24(SP)- Q59[^H6P4MXPB!7+IW-0O-_(U4IE=MY[VX6T_G%2P

EHMW_++87J[CFF9VLIQ43D^#MZU-SXZ/Z4_
MM7?NV.CMOIQBK-BDXJ)*VY/+?(K@SD9Y-C)E_[(.477,@Y-==EII'Z7B

EU0+KMVF(-9F RS WW[*!67$7


M^

M=]%O(TJ+7R3W-;S:R$U.RPC






M/%P*D 7@RI9$-I
U9F!!]1JRBI+;;_QMR-:6F7SU&;79T%O%U2\(H+
FM%FM
M


Z^][CE

M 649XOAOZZ3QCQZB=U+2;BX+WLP3EJ6SU&R7H)5.
IWK_!K
X
TXAU%J[?'T



W6'X((Q(6TG6^8JC6UHD.NG2-T/#


M
48HGPQ6XI0E[WXUIM1M@0*YB%:LQYHBPLK)N &R;#[M. =T0CCB*PK19*IU


A9/V'(2


_
MH3KLG2R_JW=F+[I0'/V=?DB'A!2OLBTGM9^5F2896ST&R'F#@:0HQ$!&_@




VX
M]0$6M\C4^Q7Y5/WM2#3.$5&(::DUDV#4+837T_6S35&JT7*E6[X)44_O-F\^



H*Z2O4:GE'


( ];N'&6FBA











:+2-+6==GL=Z
M

MOF.Z/+GC4IU!S)4M/'@3





M5

P/_U


 A#ACP_2CHL*1SE6U5[M*Q':N
MG\5.@(!*0X'TBL)_A1[BYMQ'
(


BMHQ!G20R0OOUEY2/\4/L4A$TY +&

352'Q

GH;98GWR03N93Y$J/BGAZ
M17)+CXK4H#O9MC$C(FZ!68C20P(ADSQY]\]=Z15



H#H9B%5 (E9E:R^OV?UR^






^;+%;
M@L35

#$X
M
=62
M+*E[;F_,0&1* G;+*(6)-72_/4'@(\BB0=!J@I,M1V.W5Y5)O@E\'Q2B3^
M].^/JP0]$)Y1EO[YU=L?WKQ)(U83-.[/[_Z=+V_N#X\/7V%LARG,4Y82O[\
M*F6O_OW?_O?_0N+__O1_]O?125)_!





M&YQPV\[!*#@[7WS0]9FC9!%;HHWT;KW#X3VF?(53G
:']Y0LCQ])5.3T@=C=
MQ:!*



MUJ=+*8:D'(!AXY*SN(CRWY-^(.8]UJFEV:Q4,.(V0]G)AD9J?& + ^-2K1



V.D@J
M[9^FJ%(#1KDKDF.:DO@8\U3



9L:5@L[ /H9T1T/W3I@Z.8)5!\M
M6VI(ZJ%&#=0DZQHG)+LB#R0MR#EQGYM89(-.WEUP.Y-VDR 85KG0]:FD9%$E



.$927(3D-?;L2OI(%C#V@P
MRP4+;'#!; (<3$*SM_D0,NW,68JB1G;7@2Q'-,LYO2V$?+;(/G!6K!U7@^W



5M=\H1BLFWM
M-*D$6$PVKKHFJ+\@)@^NUSR9O


@& ZYT&GA?R0F'%S2 Y5B9I'&\A7$




M?_0]D/C3KR6
*W(G+\3@-)?A13VS[6(A.#4$4E+()C



MCA H*IB063E1HMI1(RD^ST6 @DL41SDN [@V&]WT/1P0BKID'G1Q#-;T)D

+G-Z0H 88T9F

C)Q66.$:(7;YT1 #1Q(3+XE^4**IE9V3$
M]0HGR4&1T91D=I_2DPK+"/$+B,Z(H 88<)E88021;7L?,NB$L[QBO [X;H^
M</8UOY?!\3BU.PR+=%B:.%WZ6(4!40;%SX+?6H55.J@2FE.CVJ=ZG4BQSE
MYH[=7H-H8/)8P?:8H\E!HHT-G(TSCVBC4&W S3D4W8O%V9KZ0H%'H@
 'OC

=E84&I2!2

@A<

M
+0;@U:CH5!2-] B^0^R48=!2/V1MW.25UW'U@F=*O


U-/WZY%W3(Y[\JD


M!]?-P[#Y'0SS#*#TG NE698A@

M9M 

MVXF++ 2T)Y&9D10L^YS'+#J')S&!-7F2MAPX3V( 9_4D.7X$Q9I+SM:$YT_R
M'0B5M4 L/M=RN]7.'K=*V(G0
/CN#
@N#X95'B#U%RH?!;5*6J'OZD5=%!6K



YRDEWB)[F-?\



M/\\UL\L:W'KP=EC=LY?6I!P&;8X*
0ELO=\N@ WN7@[H!#V2\8'?.9MQ*8#Q


AB8
BW'L^H
D
M5X=@);?*D-]-$@STA[VW?_AQ[Y_?_+$21#A'1R12[_6@=^_WD*2'TFK^^N
;

MD48R$'V?IB@J%6!PZ8KDF*8D/L8\%9TC6VSBQ([(DD;4-H/S40S)
']#VF0;
 &1WG=%P;%_5EV1/&CZJKLOI]W($#\'%E!)VW33&O
M






DV9AAS[K04-WS







M[D7C10_(DG%2RMW@1Y(=/XJ9'.

7P




_T9()F




MQ#7'](/[0IQ8$ZA^([.IV
NQRZ Z?NQ1.9MPI(+_6\=SCS94.O&X;S7BOT)8KGM<**)?6-PIDZ
MZ<A]O+!=T^43S;B@;^,MXK\562X]=';#+)F0%8%N<4;B0[:2.]+J:.5*9FW,
M:$ZJRS.7BHU7)&)WJ2K%E7)]]Y\-FPP[35VLVKO]IM@^E4@0XW/:.RK
N6:

MUZ%;;FZ5659[#O#&=9]!'HQ7]@!I7PNR)9)*2&F!RS4@IF@2W:6
[8A)?/#T

D3P:


KFULO.R+'X;T 0$[33RDO]^I_4W O648-$QP_E6!$
M\03?T&5 '@9I_$!JNR)*2_@4E-\35+1T%9G6E3:
R;18C'(BYFA'I/SOUO*S




M4@A8+B?=F'I!)&8)_&Z$;]/TYN6=Q0PW\7I*\)EG!FQ=XP+*=*C;8DJ%7S_*
OIL E<#UY/42/\F)JTP3&46\$'UZ

MYY^/KV'&08JAJ+Y3$OV]H)P(ZT57S)\NA46Y&*'DS025_]Q2:6

?Y


MW
_3=,GX2DWJ
MAJ[A^VH'O8<TSJ3.Q20_53+R7%XM:M+GRXOSXX_G(NSESG!2#R\G%U<?%


M2+KA4 B:.F

.S$

M6-I


!0RPM+V[)40

_-L8

MVV_9A


M^ND%3)7O;T8K:_ZPTNP$&HMT('ZJ5H;IPTJ3W/0;J3NG'W.:X_)D1L79J3@%

ML.!31BZ6QUE.5SBWYF+HX5D@AE@FPM=3!L

+J\Z'Y704??1*UP7-
4SAI

M2KX-GF+9&!-:2/0EB_-P2\Z^-LTF X-@C1FO/X:FNOO R\PU=YRT4:-QGS


.)T-+:4&I


M%B2J79&

85 -#/7\L1J2BL1%
ME*.6&B0:GI.OK8QDG*7BGQ%I#?5^+G!\



\750=II
MEU!=R@OI*?*OV:+([\7X\AN)/Z6QF'=M*D4ZCNS@Z?B1\(B*]3*G$;D2]?#\

KHLL^PG35:F


X+]2S#/('

MN1PAZ0YS7^%3RLM[D+\ILZM1
[MB27+^%?,QQY#C]P'MI/-=S
_+&E 23_

[4M JG3[_+-C?&5:^X9!D%E
5Y4QU56.TEYOG3#1=++API



M

MAKUM?0)


;6ECQZ@5AP%5\L9H38G9
/A.JL.]\JJ$[3=6C%Q?@W64@#=




8T=#-J:6JJ=XM%:;?XIG
:RZT3ZQ)0W:H;S/

G-H/:YA7QSQQX2


M




P]H):$S)44


M1E?2'XK984;4/70OXS6=^2AE@6\G5D\!*+W

<J=H7T4DY2I307&*XJ#H[4Z(I5[&C@Y5?X5;Z\/.?T5B5

5]F:*=IK9BJMEMPR

UAC/
W]E( C %#)GJ





MNUI'9








M;0M6'T+J2^@7]:W_!M(#AVK
5F%G8OYZFI.5;3&[C8*#]KFM542GLSV[5#B]


M)SOYTDOJ=HZJVF;'
WSFF^EZ=MOTNPSE&]-W4@-*#-)SS?]



MMHR'N_Q@\'ZZTXK3.NA.O@:K9^[21&N7%

MD+39QZMUPIX(J1)=F9W5.5
O

MIB?NVL)^1U2ZJ$AY(ZAN&#=1#3(_EXPD2EFZ7WZSO-9:138



\W\WZF+!#.CFOYXR6Y

WV4)#@V63P%3'X/+]Z8 =$:7D);LP:JP


S5Q[(?.S=\C 80;;2@#.
MX@'8NIL5 I+&*'HYG):YB\J(K1A7^6.QQ%9$LY)+IA(1\@.[R7ZZ?3=+%B
MA?5%D_'%A.3U5/;S!Y;!AAN3P2N/]P<<345%?S.[\4ZAHAUMYB?RO?)U3((





8Y





M3E9 CDPM9M5QE/WXRDP/P1Q77Z

T$[

].TT.1:14;GH[A2
M0KC2 MKO3M
'
8%CW);+QJ4P:S_0@#OYW$C#Y64?HCYWKGX'RJ31=]=&E3 K

JR!\)O

-\8UN-]0^G4:]D_T_
M^3 BK


MK




MZ*V363QAO4U7;RJ



50:O537:0J?J
_PK/*\ZU9?.






M-$!_^&Y:IY#E(E6PLV?LGA4J4(O)$3+*?Z;Y?8W\^#%*AF2(!&+_Y=!# Y


Q4YDWOZMJ;I_ RL.4S8M
NV0@BI0XM?
507/<D/18
MN.9<9B27KON!7;]55#;U''ZP:)TIYC5$&V


M9EXI$N&^K


M:JXAF

MMKXS,%J&P=?8]5B+;5F8](J)9SNFM?'TL6V0?.O6MK


'U2FH/57*S5K*]=L%5ZT!]HE^$
M^\%%DJ,SJ3W7!;PSBF]I0EM964Q5K$L!JFX'.T[QT9T;CZWH S4.
RJ]JGC



;M6G:_*IC^^A[L=0

M=(





M^47BQ0/A^(Y4-HH%!8V


M2E-\QDE1LC])V%?Y&+Q7N^AJD!O)@=:KQ1I]U!0P4_OUPFD/2$J6U!PM:1$%
M-

M#7.& &2\W0UIQT&-:;E2Y@+KC


M * ( P 5    =&]F8BTR
#$X



M

.?O \_'/R$





MQX\?WV9_+9NV6C[=L[#\QONW)3F;D?E?B:)]A9*8?(HS\BZHCY)
R[2?\:0M


T20C7C^5;



M&TU
A


:%


8!N9KHMX$
M:JT&T@$Q;=ZA)Q

A[9LCO
U (+8
M$R&5( TQW\70Y2I-4#$0BHG/1SDA89K@X(+&\35FMPN^H2VX&5=DV]
U] )4

M43Z#&XJZ]X!CLE

M26RL)S2J!D)YB].G%8YB?(0C/.)\:P^S/@C,GN#?1KY)29YA[AY!'C2!#C




1SSI3Q;P[X+VI=\%.HP 'Y4M^W.W_FOQ1#O\O_M


QOZ8'[;L=18NW
MJ^QVP)Z_(.%&A6:


MA7UX






Y7(=!H:+R!@P=!

O&I5:-$/Q
M?89(&N_-$5KEJH3#)Y_T]2IXM=_;(@2=X(C3A/A.E_<5%(<9Q?=S7KWMI+M







MKNVAD/&+0PL#H
@BYBB\!J1X#PJ
M*F0K=M6R#J;(C+:GMD9&PSL



YN:$(7T4DC^C[(2F]\DL#=M7


M^L

=@CF
]&A1;1RB]

MULAU7



9BCEA%&

GSYQEKF@2838^IS+(4L9% $TFFU52J9UL=.1


M[(X=$IU

M(2$[8]:Q#A

M2!^K7:[Y47FYIAC.(Y%7'?#?O6)($/E6_6I+&'5WFO5:4'@G
H4

&!J:B5#H$)^M1X5!!1R51*O


. Y^7JAHS.BXM=W/\8C&K[+%@3@%+W



WU


Z.AK#LF 4S;RW7.
MZTO!9B@^&$X


M=#]-) ECHV&^TQKB


OX




.BMCLAO%L7$98]F\\]!#5.Y-+JL
=;6J)\76

MNH$%;SVP8Z

M03@KL]RVJ7HYW[9I\9&=FX$VF

MY!F? E&8WZJ7 U9OY;JFLS4N74S$/_7&%_-3N.$+%&B2@YJMG-=+MD:@FY&
M88!0.-MGG,FNNA?&TYKM.,Z+(MNV$]0
5%B:P -90$#N#-$6)8M?C4KBHZ@\#SB_*7+9R= $1DS
MZ^Z\J+!]S,Q&+B/M1LX8)O-%8K'U4/9P7L_7;J-AP#T,$SH,^+J:D%@4[5:
MQ+0=G9?6M38;0UG  $X\I

8




P%BVT9A6+^




#RC[!&Q'H%S^S%=

M





 !MOG)_


ML& !K2H*;,5H)UCNX^NV@L'8KYL?\W4SPG
1GG_;G)F?8R#6!QUUF(F
M^%Z=E*CHY;IZH3'@)LS#L%E!T7.MI_,HP5RFB;CUFS$;7&,F@FCN6+[:3.&

YK#O;$TT N$.&LJF'3

! 99*!B.@7E*2
[XI..-VF-;[.\XV!.Q+L[=WTO9KO:2


M09DYH;Q
)FOL/9E*W,5,Y#LHF-6ON/?M/80GCO!6&WZ.@?/?%3NVD#1Q!H





O
M2U!Y?+YXKD5ARQUM79\:FQNFE%$85J9\1%Z.B:;;9'+5C=B'@=1F[W

M*G9(.[@^]S=&1\





B
OK4,3LHD\


R#QT
M(-)NXNS&PWWE:I+!U=-MQW49W-ZXW


O7U5XM&J+@T#Y\L4

8$M










CG9&-&7W8[=%E.Q'W&B]

ML)Y'



M&%-YQLKITXJP3'@GG%%U]'=VG7@P@@.%:. H#B,@ALANUD#T:QXAQ)TMSU

MNL?'&NU@5$\U@**55%#G \H;7])WJ1507(![@ZM3F60(7(![&&NC3H43GZS5
M;QG(VD\(#1D+

&*&H5TX(#ZDD#3HPH(.X?TS1*V%I7'%W2
MW'7H2Z=C#4R43

MI[
9%K44\(9)48A'A/I)E&913YSOO!0+DLT8CD


9(ZAG?%B#)FY+M#Y\5
M'WX.27?(7O0UZ^K:M=5#8
X+)%/96/'I$UJ2J(@N?\
A65 :7
V^1C/T0)D(

LQ-!(W:D3&U&9FRTXKQ:525(_*H\%ZSE2S]_*
M


W








'O(;F)E-[!0&&\\S3/*3FAZ
MG\S2D/]-7&U7+



6@2TNU0P
M

;PBO& %;2] 3?)S8^HZR]ZZ)GDRUD

?4%4R[6T\(B6X&8%0O;=*FJUTJ:P\#




W#$*:@&WP9 S,L9U(

M2][=O


M&

M?




4
M  [AWU.J#M0(P^#  #'&P4 $0              @ $     =&]F8BTR,#$X
M,3(R.2YX;6Q02P$% 

4      [AWU.2V1U
M;T(1  HT   %0              @ %@CP  =&]F8BTR
#$X
3(R.5]C86PN

MU:   '1O9F(M
C Q.#$R
CE?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #N'?4Y;*PR#
M]T$  .6 P 5                0Z[  !T;V9B+3(P
3@Q
C(Y7VQA8BYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4      [AWU.GF(U%4XO  @ 
 %0              @ $X
M_0  =&]F8BTR
#$X

!  $!
end



