

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-008616
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160102
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160401
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TOFUTTI BRANDS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000730349
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ICE CREAM & FROZEN DESSERTS [2024]
		IRS NUMBER:				133094658
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1226
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09009
		FILM NUMBER:		161547971
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 JACKSON DR
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 786
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9082722400
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 JACKSON DRIVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 786
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TOFU TIME INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860619








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

 D.C. 20549

Form
10-K



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.


For
the fiscal year ended January 2
 2016



    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.


Commission
File Number: 1-9009

TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



Delaware
    
    
13-3094658
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of 
    
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer 
    

    
    
    

50
    Jackson Drive
 Cranford
 New Jersey 
    
07016
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)


(908)
272-2400
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)
Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of each class 
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered

Common
    Stock
 par value $0.01 per share
    
NYSE
    MKT


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes
[X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    Accelerated Filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Accelerated
    Filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Non-Accelerated
    Filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Smaller
    Reporting Company [X]


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.)

Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the most recently completed second fiscal
quarter: $11
480
860

As
of March 29
 2016
 the issuer had 5
153
shares of common stock
 par value $0.01
 outstanding.





    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



PART
    I
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    

Item
    1A.
Risk
    Factors.
    

Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments.
    

Item
    2.
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings.
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.
    

PART
    II
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data.
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
    

Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data.
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures.
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information.
    

PART
    III
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation.
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services.
    

PART
    IV
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    and Financial Statement Schedules.
    

    
    



    
    




We
are engaged in the development
 production and marketing of TOFUTTI&reg; brand non-dairy frozen desserts and other food products.
TOFUTTI products are soy-based
 non-dairy products which contain no butterfat
 cholesterol or lactose.

As
used in this annual report
 the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; mean Tofutti Brands Inc.
 unless
otherwise indicated. Statements made in this annual report concerning the contents of any contract
 agreement or other document
are summaries of such contracts
 agreements or documents and are not complete descriptions of all of their terms. If we filed
any of these documents as an exhibit to this annual report or to any previous filling with the Securities and Exchange Commission
you may read the document itself for a complete recitation of its terms.

Except
for the historical information contained in this annual report
 the statements contained in this annual report are &ldquo;forward-looking
statements&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 as amended
 with respect to our business
financial condition and results of operations. Such forward-looking statements reflect our current view with respect to future
events and financial results. We urge you to consider that statements which use the terms &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;do not believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo;
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We remind readers that forward-looking statements
are merely predictions and therefore inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors and involve known and unknown risks
that could cause the actual results
 performance
 levels of activity
 or our achievements
 or industry results
 to be materially
different from any future results
 performance
 levels of activity
 or our achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements are also included in Item 1. &ldquo;Business&rdquo; and Item 7. &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&rdquo; Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date hereof. Except as required by applicable law
 including the
securities laws of the United States
 we undertake no obligation to publicly release any update or revision to any forward-looking
statements to reflect new information
 future events or circumstances
 or otherwise after the date hereof. We have attempted to
identify significant uncertainties and other factors affecting forward-looking statements in the Risk Factors section that appears
in Item 1A. &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;

We
operate on a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal years for the financial statements included herein
are the fifty-three week period ended January 2
 2016 (fiscal 2015) and the fifty-two week period ended December 27
 2014 (fiscal
2014).


    
    


PART
I



Item
    1.
Business.
    




We
are engaged in the development
 production and marketing of TOFUTTI&reg; brand non-dairy frozen desserts and other food products.
TOFUTTI products are soy-based
 non-dairy products which contain no butterfat
 cholesterol or lactose. Our products are 100% milk
free yet offer the same texture and full-bodied taste as their dairy counterparts. Our products are also free of cholesterol and
derive their fat from soy and corn
 both naturally lower in saturated fat than dairy products. With the exception of Mintz&rsquo;s
Blintzes
 all of our products are completely vegan and our soy-cheese products are gluten free as well. In addition
 all of our
products are certified kosher-parve and all of our soy-cheese products are also certified halal.

We
were organized under the laws of the State of New York in 1981 and became a Delaware corporation in 1984. Our registered office
and principal executive offices are located at 50 Jackson Drive
 Cranford
 New Jersey 07016
 our telephone number is 908-272-2400.
Our address on the Internet is www.tofutti.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual
report.



Our
objective is to be a leading provider of non-dairy
 vegan
 soy-based food products
 primarily frozen desserts and soy-cheese products
to supermarkets and health food stores in the United States and abroad. We intend to continue to introduce new products that offer
good taste while containing no butterfat
 cholesterol or dairy to these markets.

We
focus our marketing efforts toward those consumers who find our products essential to their everyday diets because of health
lifestyle or religious reasons. In order to broaden the use of our soy-cheese products
 we incorporate them into our branded food
products such as blintzes
 pizza
 and other frozen entr&eacute;e products. As part of this strategy
 we seek to achieve brand
awareness through product innovation
 eye-catching packaging
 trade advertising
 and a strong word-of-mouth marketing program.
We believe that our ability to offer a wide range of non-dairy
 vegan soy-based
 kosher-parve products will continue to provide
us with a competitive advantage.

TOFUTTI
PRODUCT LINE

We
offer a broad product line of soy-based
 non-dairy products. Our non-dairy products include frozen desserts
 soy-based cheeses
and spreads
 and other frozen food products.

Frozen
Desserts 



    
    
Premium
 non-dairy frozen dessert
 available in pre-packed pints
 three-gallon cans
 and soft serve mix
 is sold
    nationally in supermarkets
 health food stores
 retail shops
was the first non-dairy
    frozen dessert to be marketed to the general public through supermarkets. We currently offer ten flavors of premium
 hard
in pints
 including four newly introduced Special Edition flavors
 three flavors in three gallon bulk
    cans and one soft-serve flavor. 



    
    




    
    
TOFUTTI
    CUTIES&reg;
 our best-selling frozen dessert product
 are bite size frozen sandwiches combining a choice of one of five
    different fillings between two chocolate wafers. Half the size of traditional ice cream sandwiches
 
    offer consumers a portion controlled treat. Unlike ice cream sandwiches
 are totally dairy free
 without butterfat
    or cholesterol
 yet with the same great taste that makes ice cream sandwiches one of the bestselling novelties in the freezer
    case. Like all our frozen dessert products
 they are completely trans-fat free
 including the wafers. For those individuals
    who cannot have chocolate
 we offer our 
 made from vanilla 
    between two vanilla wafers. 

    
    
    

    
    
YOURS
in a chocolate-coated crispy cone
 then
    covered in deep
 rich chocolate and topped with a crispy chocolate cookie crunch. 

    
    
    

    
    
TOTALLY
    FUDGE POPS&reg;
 CHOCOLATE FUDGE TREATS
 and COFFEE BREAK TREATS 

 
 have
    70 calories and 1 gram of fat per bar
 while fat free
COFFEE BREAK TREATS&trade;
    

    
    
    

    
    
HOORAY
    HOORAY 
 a natural sugar replacement ideal for those individuals who want
    to avoid sugar without using an artificial sweetener. Each bar has a creamy center of vanilla Tofutti
 surrounded by a sugar-free
    chocolate coating containing crisped rice.

    
    
    

    
    
The
is a creamy
 lime flavored TOFUTTI stick novelty
 which tastes likes a mojito and offers the consumer a
    refreshing novelty stick item.

    
    
    

    
    
MARRY
 surrounded by a dark chocolate coating. Made
    with organic sugar and with no gluten added
 satisfy important diet requirements of certain consumers
    with that great 


Non-dairy
Soy-Based Cheese Products



    
    
BETTER
    THAN CREAM CHEESE&reg;
 but is milk-free
 butterfat-free
    gluten-free and contains no cholesterol. It is as versatile as real cream cheese
 whether spread on a bagel
 used as a dip
    for snack items
 such as crackers or chips
comes in four
    flavors
 plain
 Herb &amp; Chives
 French Onion and Garlic &amp; Herb and is available in 8 oz. retail packages and in 5 lb.
    containers and 30 lb. bulk boxes for food service customers. 

    
    
    

    
    
SOUR
    SUPREME&reg; 
 but is milk-free
 butterfat-free
 gluten-free
has the versatility of sour cream with the added benefit of being dairy free.
    The 12 oz. retail packages are available in plain and guacamole. The plain version is also available in 5 lb. containers and

 SOUR SUPREME 
    health food stores and select supermarkets. 

    
    
    

    
    
TOFUTTI
    SOY-CHEESE SLICES&trade; 
 gluten-free
 vegan alternative to regular cheese slices
    and contain no trans fatty acids. Available as individually wrapped slices in 8 oz. packages

    
    version is also available in 40 lb. blocks for food service customers. 

    
    
    

    
    
BETTER
    THAN RICOTTA CHEESE&reg; 
 offers consumers a dairy-free and gluten-free alternative
    that tastes and works just like real ricotta cheese in all their favorite recipes. Available in 16 oz. retail containers
    



    
    


Frozen
Food Products



    
    
TOFUTTI
    PIZZA PIZZAZ 
into
    a completely authentic
is sold nine square slices to a package and is available
    in freezer cases in select supermarkets and health food stores.

    
    
    

    
    
TOFUTTI
that are dairy and cholesterol free
 yet
are available in freezer cases in select supermarkets and health
    food stores and can be served hot
 warm
 or slightly chilled as a main meal or a snack.

    
    
    

    
    
TOFUTTI
 blend with egg free pasta into a healthy and filling meal.
    The product is available in jumbo round and bite-sized square sizes sold in 12 oz bags and is available in freezer cases in
    many health food stores.


Planned
2016 Product Introductions 

Beginning
in the third quarter of 2016
 we plan to introduce a new line of vegan dips
 shredded cheddar and mozzarella soy-cheeses
 and
several new frozen dessert stick novelties.

MARKETING
AND DISTRIBUTION

TOFUTTI
products are sold and distributed across the United States and internationally
 and can be found in gourmet specialty shops
 kosher
supermarkets
 natural/health food stores
 and national and regional supermarket chains. All of our products are sold by independent
unaffiliated food brokers to distributors and sometimes on a direct basis to retail chain accounts or to warehouse accounts that
directly service chain accounts. Such direct accounts include Walmart
 Kroger
 Roundy&rsquo;s Supermarkets
 King Soopers
 Fred
Meyer
 Restaurant Depot
 DeMoulas/Market Basket
 Wakefern Food Corp.
 and Ahold USA. Food brokers act as our agents within designated
territories or for specific accounts and receive commissions
 which average 5% of net collected sales. Certain key domestic accounts
and all international accounts are handled directly by us. Our products are also sold in approximately thirty other countries.

We
currently sell our dairy-free frozen dessert products
 frozen entrees and soy-cheese products in most major markets in the United
States
 including Atlanta
 Baltimore
 Boston
 Charlotte
 Chicago
 Cincinnati
 Cleveland
 Dallas
 Denver
 Detroit
 Houston
 Kansas
City
 Los Angeles
 Miami
 Milwaukee
 Minneapolis
 Nashville
 New York
 Orlando
 Philadelphia
 Phoenix
 Portland
 Richmond
 Salt
Lake City
 San Diego
 San Francisco
 Seattle
 St. Louis
 Tampa and Washington
 D.C.

We
currently distribute all of our products by common carrier or by allowing customers to pick-up products from outside storage facilities.
We do not own
 lease or otherwise maintain any vehicles involved in the shipping of our products. From our co-packing facilities
we either ship direct to our customers or we ship to outside public storage facilities from which our customers are able to pick
up products. Use of outside storage facilities in several key locations in the United States allows us to provide our customers
with products in a timely fashion.


    
    


In
addition to ice cream and cheese distributors
 our products are handled by most major national and regional natural and/or gourmet
specialty distributors in the country. We distribute our products through thirty-five (35) distributors in the national health
food market.

Our
sales to health food accounts in fiscal 2015 decreased to approximately $6
081
000
 or 44% of total sales
 from approximately
$6
379
000
 or 44% of total sales
 in fiscal 2014. Our sales to the kosher market increased slightly to approximately $1
436
000
or 10% of sales
 in fiscal 2015
 from sales of approximately $1
418
000
 or 10% of sales
 in fiscal 2014.

The
following table presents the geographical breakdown of our sales in our largest domestic markets for the last two fiscal years.



    
    
    January 2
 2016
    
    December 27
 2014

    
    
    
    total Sales
    
    
    total Sales

    
    

    
2
182
    
2
325
    

    
2
172
    
2
351
    

    
1
712
    
1
815
    

    
1
176
    
1
685
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


During
fiscal 2015
 we shipped our products to distributors in Australia
 Brazil
 Canada
 Egypt
 England
 Ireland
 Israel
 Malaysia
Mexico
 Panama
 South Africa
 and Trinidad. Our distributor in England is our master distributor for all of Europe and part of
the Middle East
 excluding Israel
 and sells our products to approximately twenty other countries. Sales to foreign distributors
decreased to $2
319
000
 or 17% of sales
 in fiscal 2015
 as compared to $2
495
000
 or 17% of sales
 in fiscal 2014. We conduct
all of our foreign business in U.S. dollars. Accordingly
 our future export sales could be adversely affected by an increase in
the value of the U.S. dollar against local currencies
 which could increase the local currency price of our products.



TOFUTTI
frozen desserts compete with all forms of ice cream products
 yogurt-based desserts and other soy-based frozen desserts. We believe
that we are a leader in the non-dairy frozen dessert product market and offer the most complete line of non-dairy frozen dessert
products. Other soy-based frozen dessert products are presently being sold throughout the United States by established manufacturers
and distributors of ice cream and other frozen dessert products. The ice cream and frozen dessert industry is highly competitive
and most companies with whom we compete are substantially larger and have significantly greater resources than us. Our other products
also face substantial competition from non-dairy and dairy products marketed by companies with significantly greater resources
than we have.


    
    


In
most product categories
 we compete not only with widely advertised branded products
 but also with generic and private label
products that are generally sold at lower prices. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
 product
quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to identify and
satisfy consumer preferences. Our market share and ability to grow our revenue could also be adversely impacted if we are not
successful in introducing innovative products in response to changing consumer demands or by new product introductions of our
competitors. If we are unable to build and sustain brand equity by offering recognizably superior product quality
 we may be unable
to maintain premium pricing over competitive products. We believe that we are able to compete effectively due to our ability to
offer an array of non-dairy frozen dessert
 soy-cheese and other food products that contain no butterfat
 cholesterol or lactose
and are 100% milk-free
 yet offer the same texture and full-bodied taste as their dairy counterparts.

PRODUCT
DEVELOPMENT

All
of our current products were developed by us in our own laboratory. David Mintz
 our Chief Executive Officer
 devotes a substantial
amount of his time and effort to new product development and product reformulation. In fiscal 2015 and 2014
 our product development
expenses were approximately $523
000 and $641
000
 respectively. These amounts do not include any portion of Mr. Mintz&rsquo;s
salary. All product development costs are expensed as incurred and are recorded as operating expenses in our financial statements.



We
believe that all of our products are produced under the strictest quality control procedures that are available in each manufacturing
facility used by us. These quality control procedures include
 but are not limited to
 the cleaning processes utilized prior to
running our products; spot line inspections during production; in-house laboratory testing as required by government agencies;
supervision of all our production by our kosher supervisory service; supervision of all our soy-cheese production by our halal
supervisory service; and random testing by outside independent laboratories to ensure that our internal quality control procedures
and guidelines are being properly followed.

All
of our products are produced by co-packers to whom we supply certain key ingredients and packaging for the manufacturing processes.
Our co-packing facilities are fully licensed and must comply with all state and federal laws and regulations. We currently utilize
six co-packers. Our co-packers manufacture and package our products and
 in certain instances
 warehouse such products pending
shipment. For certain key product categories
 such as non-dairy frozen desserts and non-dairy soy-based cheeses
 we have more
than one co-packer. In selecting an appropriate co-packer
 we take into account all of the preceding factors
 plus cost considerations
such as product processing fees and freight and warehouse expenses.

During
the years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 we purchased approximately 24% and 26%
 respectively
 of our finished goods
from Ice Cream Specialties
 our frozen dessert novelty co-packer
 and 29% and 28% of our finished goods
 respectively
 from Franklin
Foods

SOUR SUPREME
 and BETTER THAN RICOTTA

Relationships
with Co-Packers 

We
do not have any written production agreements with our co-packers and do not anticipate that we would encounter any material difficulty
in obtaining alternative production sources
 at a comparable cost
 if one or all of our co-packers decide to terminate their relationships
with us. Nevertheless
 any disruption in supply could have a material adverse effect on our company.


    
    


In
order to protect our formulas
 we have entered into confidentiality arrangements with our co-packers and some of our co-packers&rsquo;
employees. All of our employees
 including officers
 sign similar confidentiality agreements. There can be no assurance that such
confidentiality arrangements can or will be maintained
 or that our trade secrets
 know-how and marketing ability cannot be obtained
by others
 or that others do not now possess similar or even more effective capabilities.

Kosher
Certification

KOF-K
Kosher Supervision
 or KOF-K
 of Teaneck
 New Jersey provides us with our kosher certification service. Before KOF-K will permit
its certification
 evidenced by its symbol
 to be placed on a product
 KOF-K must approve both the ingredients contained in the
product and the facility processing the product. Approval of the manufacturing facilities we use include periodic inspections
and in most cases
 on-site supervision of actual production. We pay a yearly renewal fee for certification. We believe that our
ability to successfully market and distribute our products is dependent upon our continued compliance with the requirements of
rabbinical certification. All TOFUTTI products meet the requirements for certification as kosher-parve.

Halal
Certification

In
early 2013
 we completed a halal certification process at Franklin Foods
 the co-packer of our 
 products and at Whitehall Specialties
 the co-packer of our soy-cheese slices
and bulk Better Than Mozzarella products. This certification is provided by the Islamic Food and Nutrition Council of America
(IFANCA) of Park Ridge
 Illinois and currently applies only to those products manufactured by Franklin Foods and Whitehall Specialties.
Before IFANCA will permit its certification to be placed on a product
 which is evidenced by its symbol
 IFANCA must approve both
the ingredients contained in the product and the facility processing the product. Approval of the manufacturing facilities we
use includes periodic inspections. There is a yearly renewal fee for certification. All TOFUTTI soy-cheese products meet the requirements
for certification as halal.

TRADEMARKS
AND PATENTS

We
have registered our trademark
 TOFUTTI&reg;
 and other trademarks for our frozen desserts and other products in the United States
and approximately thirty-seven foreign countries. We believe our trademarks are an important means of establishing consumer recognition
for our products and we will vigorously oppose any unauthorized use of our trademarks. We are not currently involved in any trademark
litigation.

Although
we believe that our formulas and processes are proprietary
 we have not sought patent protection for such technology. Instead
we are relying on the complexity of our technology
 on trade secrecy laws and on confidentiality agreements. We believe that our
technology has been independently developed and does not infringe the patents of others.

GOVERNMENT
REGULATION

Companies
engaged in the manufacture
 packaging and distribution of food items are subject to extensive regulation by various government
agencies which
 pursuant to statutes
 rules
 and regulations
 prescribe quality
 purity
 manufacturing and labeling requirements.
Food products are often subject to &ldquo;standard of identity&rdquo; requirements
 which are promulgated at either the Federal
or state level to determine the permissible qualitative and quantitative ingredient content of food. To the extent that any product
that we seek to market does not conform to an applicable standard
 special permission to market such a product is required.


    
    


Our
United States product labels are subject to regulation by the United States Food and Drug Administration
 or the FDA. Such regulations
include standards for product descriptions
 nutritional claims
 label format
 minimum type sizes
 content and location of nutritional
information panels
 nutritional comparisons
 and ingredient content panels. Our labels
 ingredients and manufacturing processes
are subject to inspection by the FDA. We believe that we are in compliance with current labeling requirements and conduct periodic
reviews to make certain that such compliance is on-going.

The
Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the Food Safety Modernization Act and rules and regulations promulgated by the FDA thereunder
 contain
no specific Federal standard of identity which is applicable to our products. Our frozen dessert products meet the New York State
standard of identity for &ldquo;parevine
&rdquo; which has been adopted by at least eight other states. Many states require registration
and label review before food products can be sold. While approval in one jurisdiction generally indicates the products will meet
with approval in other jurisdictions
 there is no assurance that approval from other jurisdictions will be forthcoming.

Food
manufacturing facilities are subject to inspections by various safety
 health and environmental regulatory authorities. A finding
of a failure to comply with one or more regulatory requirements can result in the imposition of sanctions including the closing
of all or a portion of a company&rsquo;s facilities
 subject to a period during which the company can remedy the alleged violations.
Our Cranford
 New Jersey facility is subject to inspection by the New Jersey-Kosher Enforcement Bureau and the New Jersey Environmental
Health Services. We believe that we
 our distributors and our co-packers are in compliance in all material respects with governmental
regulations regarding our current products and have obtained the material governmental permits
 licenses
 qualifications and approvals
required for our operations. Our compliance with Federal
 state and local environmental laws has not materially affected us either
economically or in the manner in which we conduct our business. However
 there can be no assurance that our company
 our distributors
and our co-packers will be able to comply with such laws and regulations in the future or that new governmental laws and regulations
will not be introduced that could prevent or temporarily inhibit the development
 distribution and sale of our products to consumers.

New
government laws and regulations may be introduced in the future that could result in additional compliance costs
 seizures
 confiscations
recalls or monetary fines
 any of which could prevent or inhibit the development
 distribution and sale of our products. If we
fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations
 we may be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls
or seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
and financial condition.



On
January 2
 2016
 we employed nine persons on a full-time basis as compared to twelve persons on a full time basis on December
27
 2014. We do not have any collective bargaining agreements with our employees.

Item
1A.&#9;Risk Factors.

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
described below before investing in our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business prospects
 financial
condition and results of operations could be harmed. In that case
 the value of our common stock could decline
 and you could
lose all or part of your investment. 


    
    


Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
may not be able to attain profitability in the future. To the extent that we continue to incur operating losses
 we may not have
sufficient working capital to fund our operations in the future. 

Our
sales have not rebounded since the loss in 2011 of our then largest customer
 when it discontinued stocking branded goods. We
continue to struggle to replace those sales. The loss of revenues from this former customer has affected our profitability. We
had net losses of $163
000 in the year ended December 27
 2014 and $643
000 in the year ended January 2
 2016. If we are unable
to increase revenues
 we may not be able to return to or sustain profitable operations in the future or generate positive cash
flows from our operations.

As
of January 2
 2016
 we had $55
000 in cash and cash equivalents and our working capital was $2
003
000. The lack of sufficient
working capital could negatively impact our ability to introduce and adequately promote new products. To the extent that we incur
operating losses in the future or are unable to generate free cash flows from our business
 we may not have sufficient working
capital to fund our operations and will be required to obtain additional financing. Such financing may not be available
 or
 if
available
 may not be on terms satisfactory to us. If adequate funds are not available to us
 our business
 and results of operations
and financial condition will be adversely affected.

We
are indebted to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to a promissory note which is secured by substantially all of
our assets. Any failure to meet our obligations under the note could materially harm our business
 financial condition and results
of operations.

On
January 6
 2016
 we received a $500
000 loan from Mr. David Mintz
 our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the
company. The loan
 which expires on December 31
 2017
 bears interest at 5% per annum and may be prepaid in whole or in part at
any time without premium or penalty. The loan is secured by substantially all of our assets and is convertible into shares of
our common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share.

In
the event we are unable to repay the loan
 or if there is an event of default
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the
interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all of our other
obligations under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
 and Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and
Any failure to meet our obligations under the note could
materially harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

We
depend on a few key distributors for a significant portion of our sales. 

A
significant portion of our sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies with numerous divisions
and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 44% of our net sales in the fiscal year ended
January 2
 2016 and 43% of our net sales for the fiscal year ended December 27
 2014. Although we believe that the business associated
with any of our primary distributors can be readily transferred to other distributors or directly to supermarket warehouses if
necessary
 no assurance can be given that a change in distributors would not be disruptive to our business
 which could have a
material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

We
depend on several key suppliers to produce our products. 

We
do not produce any of our own products. During the years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 we purchased approximately
24% and 26%
 respectively
 of our finished goods from Ice Cream Specialties
 our frozen dessert novelty co-packer
 and 29% and
28% of our finished goods
 respectively
 from Franklin Foods
 our 
 

THAN RICOTTA
current or alternative sources in the future
 any disruption in supply could have a material adverse effect on our company.


    
    


Our
suppliers are subject to federal
 state and local government regulations that could adversely affect our business and financial
position.

Virtually
all food manufacturing operations are subject to regulation by various federal
 state and local government entities and agencies.
As producers of food products for human consumption
 our suppliers are subject to stringent production
 packaging
 quality
 labeling
and distribution standards
 including regulations mandated by the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the FDA
 OSHA
 the EPA
and the USDA. Future regulation by various federal
 state or local governmental entities or agencies could
 among other things
increase our suppliers&rsquo; cost of production
 cause them to incur unexpected expenditures or encumber productivity
 any of
which may adversely affect our business and financial results.

Our
ability to compete effectively in the highly competitive frozen dessert and health food markets may affect our operational performance
and financial results.

The
frozen dessert
 non-dairy cheese food and health food markets are highly competitive. In addition
 many of our principal competitors
are large
 diversified companies with resources significantly greater than ours. We expect strong competition to continue
 including
competition for adequate distribution and competition for the limited shelf space for the frozen dessert and non-dairy cheese
food categories in supermarkets and other retail food outlets. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to identify
and satisfy consumer preferences. Our market share and ability to grow our revenue could also be adversely impacted if we are
not successful in introducing innovative products in response to changing consumer demands or by new product introductions of
our competitors. If we are unable to build and sustain brand equity by offering recognizably superior product quality
 we may
be unable to maintain premium pricing over competitive products.

From
time to time
 we and our customers experience price pressure in some of our markets as a result of competitors&rsquo; promotional
pricing practices as well as general market conditions. Our failure to match or exceed our competitors&rsquo; cost reductions
through innovative products and other improvements could weaken our competitive position. Competition is based on product quality
reliability
 food safety
 distribution effectiveness
 brand loyalty
 price
 effective promotional activities
 the ability to identify
and satisfy emerging consumer preferences and the ability to provide ancillary support services. We may not be able to compete
effectively with these larger
 more diversified companies.

We
rely on a limited number of key executives to manage our business. 

Our
success is significantly dependent on the services of David Mintz (age 84)
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Steven Kass (age 64)
Chief Financial Officer. The loss of the services of either of these persons could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations.

A
material change in consumer demand for our products could have a significant impact on our business. 

We
are a consumer food products company and rely on continued demand for our products. To achieve business goals
 we must develop
and sell products that appeal to consumers. If demand and growth rates fall substantially below expected levels or our market
share declines significantly in these businesses
 our results could be negatively impacted. This could occur due to unforeseen
negative economic or political events or to changes in consumer trends and habits.


    
    


Our
operating costs are subject to fluctuations which could affect our business results.

The
principal raw materials that we use are commodities that experience price volatility caused by external conditions such as weather
product scarcity
 limited sources of supply
 commodity market fluctuations
 currency fluctuations
 and changes in governmental
agricultural and energy policies and regulations. Commodity price changes may result in unexpected increases in raw material
packaging
 and energy costs. Therefore
 our success is dependent
 in part
 on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations
through pricing actions
 cost savings projects and sourcing decisions. In the manufacturing and general overhead areas
 we need
to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements
 including any key sole supplier and manufacturing plant arrangements.

Economic
downturns and disruptions in financial markets can adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our
results of operations can be materially affected by adverse conditions in the financial markets and depressed economic conditions
generally. Worsening economic conditions may result in diminished demand for our products and in decreased sales volumes. Recessionary
environments adversely affect the demand for our products as a result of constraints on discretionary spending by our retail customers.
In addition
 this could result in longer sales cycles
 slower acceptance of new products and increased competition for our products
which in turn could cause us to reduce prices for our products resulting in reduced gross margins. Any of these events would likely
harm our business
 operating results and financial condition.

In
addition
 the current economic climate
 and particularly the increased difficulty in securing credit
 could impact the ability
of our customers to purchase our products. Certain of our retail customers who have seen significant dampening of consumer demand
could face increased financial pressures that could impact their ability to purchase our products and make payments in a timely
manner. The continued high unemployment levels in the U.S. and the lingering effects of the global credit crisis
 will impact
the ability of our customers to purchase our products.

Natural
disasters
 terrorist attacks or breaches of network or information technology security could have an adverse effect on our business.

Natural
disasters
 cyber-attacks or other breaches of network or information technology (IT) security
 terrorist acts or acts of war may
cause disrupt our systems and operations. We expect that our inability to operate our facilities as a result of such events
 even
for a limited period of time
 may result in significant expenses and/or loss of market share to our competitors. While we maintain
insurance coverage for some of these events
 the potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the insurance
coverage we maintain. Any of these occurrences could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition.

We
need to continue to introduce new products.

The
successful introduction of innovative products on a periodic basis has become increasingly important to our ability to maintain
and grow our sales. Accordingly
 the future degree of market acceptance of any of our new products
 which may be accompanied by
significant promotional expenditures
 is likely to have an important impact on our future financial results.

Our
operating results vary quarterly.

We
have often recognized a slightly greater portion of revenues in the second and third quarter of the year. We expect to continue
to experience slightly higher sales in the second and third quarters and slightly lower sales in the fourth and first quarters
as a result of reduced sales of non-dairy frozen desserts. In addition
 sales to our major customers fluctuate widely from period
to period and there is no way to accurately predict that their sales pattern from one year will be repeated in the corresponding
period of the next fiscal year. Due to the foregoing factors
 in some future quarter our operating results may be below the expectations
of investors. In such event
 it is likely that the price of our common stock would be materially adversely affected.


    
    


We
have no registered patents. The absence of patent protection could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We
rely upon the confidentiality of our formulas and our know-how rather than upon patent protection. There is no assurance that
such confidentiality can or will be maintained or that our know-how cannot be obtained by others or that others do not now possess
similar or even more effective capabilities. The failure to maintain the confidentiality of our know-how could adversely affect
our operating results.

We
are subject to risks associated with international operations

In
fiscal 2015 approximately 17% of our revenues were from international sales. Although we continue to expand our international
operations
 we cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain or increase international market demand for our products. To
the extent that we cannot do so in a timely manner
 our business
 operating results and financial condition will be adversely
affected. International operations are subject to inherent risks
 including the following:



    
    
different
    and changing regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we currently operate or may operate in the future;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    impact of possible recessionary environments in multiple foreign markets;

    
    
    

    
    
export
    restrictions
 tariffs and other trade barriers;

    
    
    

    
    
difficulties
    in managing and supporting foreign operations;

    
    
    

    
    
longer
    payment cycles; 

    
    
    

    
    
difficulties
    in collecting accounts receivable;

    
    
    

    
    
political
    and economic changes
 hostilities and other disruptions in regions where we currently sell or products or may sell our products
    in the future; and

    
    
    

    
    
seasonal
    reductions in business activities.


Negative
developments in any of these areas in one or more countries could result in a reduction in demand for our products
 the cancellation
or delay of orders already placed
 difficulty in collecting receivables
 and a higher cost of doing business
 any of which could
adversely affect our business
 results of operations or financial condition.

We
may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

Our
foreign transactions are always in U.S. dollars
 and to date we have not engaged in any currency hedging transactions intended
to reduce the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our results of operations. Therefore
 our future export
sales could be adversely affected by an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar
 which could increase the local currency price
of our products. Although exposure to currency fluctuations to date has not had a material effect on our business
 there can be
no assurance such fluctuations in the future will not materially and adversely affect our revenues from international sales and
consequently
 our business
 operating results and financial condition.


    
    


Product
liability suits
 if brought
 could have a material adverse effect on our business.

From
time to time in the normal course of our business
 we become subject to product liability claims. If a product liability claim
exceeding our insurance coverage were to be successfully asserted against us
 it could harm our business. We cannot assure you
that such coverage will be sufficient to insure against claims which may be brought against us
 or that we will be able to maintain
such insurance or obtain additional insurance covering existing or new products. As a marketer of food products
 we are subject
to the risk of claims for product liability. We maintain general product liability and umbrella insurance coverage and generally
require that our co-packers maintain product liability insurance with us as a co-insured. Similarly
 most of our customers require
us to name them as additional insureds as well
 and in some cases we are required to sign hold harmless and indemnification agreements.

If
our food products become adulterated or misbranded
 we would need to recall those items and may experience product liability claims
if consumers are injured as a result.

Food
products occasionally contain contaminants due to inherent defects or improper storage or handling. Under adverse circumstances
food producers may be required to recall some of their products if they become adulterated or misbranded or as a result of a government-mandated
recall. The scope of such a recall could result in significant costs incurred as a result of the recall
 potential destruction
of inventory
 and lost sales. Should consumption of any product cause injury
 we may be liable for monetary damages as a result
of a settlement or judgment against us. A widespread product recall could result in changes to one or more of our business processes
product shortages
 a loss of customer confidence in our brand or other adverse effects on our business.

Our
failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have an
adverse effect on our financial results and the market price of our common stock. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 imposes certain duties on us and our executives and directors. Our efforts to comply with the requirements
of Section 404 have resulted in increased general and administrative expense and a diversion of management time and attention
and we expect these efforts to require the continued commitment of resources. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us
to provide management&rsquo;s annual review and evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting in connection with
the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for each fiscal year. Based on their evaluation under the frameworks described above
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective
as of January 2
 2016 because of the following material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting:



    
    
a
    continuing lack of sufficient resources and an insufficient level of monitoring and oversight
 which may restrict our ability
    to gather
 analyze and report information relative to the financial statements in a timely manner.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    limited size of the accounting department makes it impracticable to achieve an optimum separation of duties.


Our
failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could result in investigation or sanctions by regulatory
authorities
 and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results
 investor confidence in our reported financial
information
 and the market price of our common stock.


    
    


Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock 

We
have received a notice of non-compliance with a continued listing standard from the NYSE MKT for our common stock. If we are unable
to avoid the delisting of our common stock from the NYSE MKT
 it could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity and
results of operations.

On
April 1
 2015
 we received a notice from the NYSE MKT LLC (the &ldquo;NYSE MKT&rdquo;) indicating that we did not meet continued
listing standards of the NYSE MKT. We are not in compliance with Section 1003(a)(ii) of the NYSE MKT Company Guide (the &ldquo;Company
Guide&rdquo;) because we reported stockholders&rsquo; equity of $2.6 million as of December 27
 2014 and had net losses in in
three out of our four most recent fiscal years. As a result
 we became subject to the procedures and requirements of Section 1009
of the Company Guide.

We
submitted a plan of compliance to the NYSE MKT on April 28
 2015 addressing how we intend to regain compliance and on June 23
2015

 2016 to regain compliance with the continued listing
standards of the NYSE MKT. We will be subject to periodic review by the staff of NYSE Regulation
 Inc. during the extension period.
Failure to make progress consistent with the plan or to regain compliance with the continued listing standards by the end of the
extension period could result in our being delisted from the 

If
our common stock ultimately were to be delisted for any reason
 it could negatively impact us by (i) reducing the liquidity and
market price of our common stock; (ii) reducing the number of investors willing to hold or acquire our common stock
 which could
negatively impact our ability to raise equity financing; and (iii) limiting our ability to use a registration statement to offer
and sell freely tradable securities
 thereby preventing us from accessing the public capital markets.

Volatility
of the market price of our common stock could adversely affect our shareholders and us.

The
market price of our common stock has been subject to fluctuations in the past and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response
to numerous factors
 including the following:



    
    
actual
    or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results or those of our competitors;

    
    
    

    
    
announcements
    by us or our competitors of new and enhanced products;

    
    
    

    
    
developments
    or disputes concerning proprietary rights;

    
    
    

    
    
introduction
    and adoption of new industry standards;

    
    
    

    
    
market
    conditions or trends in our industry;

    
    
    

    
    
announcements
    by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions;

    
    
    

    
    
entry
    into strategic partnerships or joint ventures by us or our competitors; 

    
    
    

    
    
additions
    or departures of key personnel; 

    
    
    

    
    
political
    and economic conditions
 such as a recession or interest rate or currency rate fluctuations or political events; and 

    
    
    

    
    
other
    events or factors in any of the countries in which we do business
 including those resulting from war
 incidents of terrorism
    natural disasters or responses to such events.



    
    


In
addition
 in recent years the stock market has been highly volatile. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may materially
adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares
 regardless of our performance. In the past
 following periods of market
volatility
 shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation relating to the stock trading and price volatility
of the company in question. If we were involved in any securities litigation
 it could result in substantial cost to us to defend
and divert resources and the attention of management from our business.

Our
principal shareholder has the ability to

Our
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 David Mintz
 holds 2
630
440 shares of common stock representing approximately
51.0% of the outstanding shares. For as long as Mr. Mintz has a controlling interest in our company
 he will have the ability
to exercise a controlling influence over our business and affairs
 including any determinations with respect to potential mergers
or other business combinations involving us
 our acquisition or disposition of assets
 our incurrence of indebtedness
 our issuance
of any additional common shares or other equity securities
 our repurchase or redemption of common shares and our payment of dividends.
Similarly
 as long as Mr. Mintz has a controlling interest in our company
 he will have the power to determine the outcome of
matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders
 including the power to elect all of the members of our board of directors and
prevent an acquisition or any other change in control of us.

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends.

Our
policy is to retain earnings
 if any
 for use in our business and
 for this reason
 we do not intend to pay cash dividends on
our shares of common stock in the foreseeable future.



Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments.






Item
    2.
    


Our
facilities are located in a one-story facility in Cranford
 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses our administrative
offices
 a warehouse
 walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen. Our lease agreement
expired on July 1
 1999
 but we continue to occupy the premises under the terms of that agreement
 subject to a six month notification
period for us and the landlord with respect to any changes. We currently have no plans to enter into a long-term lease agreement
for the facility. Our rent expense was $82
000 and $81
000 in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014
 respectively. Our management believes
that the Cranford facility will continue to satisfy our space requirements for the foreseeable future. We rent warehouse storage
space at various outside facilities. Outside warehouse expenses amounted to $513
000 and $523
000 during fiscal 2015 and 2014
respectively.



Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings. 


We
are not a party to any material litigation.



Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.


Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II



Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.


Our
common stock was listed on the American Stock Exchange on October 29
 1985 and has traded on the AMEX or its successors under
the symbol TOF since such time. As a result of the merger of the NYSE and AMEX
 it currently trades on the NYSE MKT. Each share
ranks equally as to dividends
 voting rights
 participation in assets on winding-up and in all other respects. No shares have
been or will be issued subject to call or assessment. There are no preemptive rights
 provisions for redemption or for either
cancellation or surrender
 or provisions for sinking or purchase funds.

The
following table sets forth the high and low sales prices as reported on the NYSE MKT or its predecessors for the two most recent
fiscal years:



    
    
    

March 29
    2014
    
    

June 28
 2014
    
    

September 27
 2014
    
    

December 27
 2014
    
    

March 28
 2015
    
    

June 27
 2015
    
    

October 3
 2015
    
    

January 2
 2016
    
    


The
closing price for our common stock on March 28
 2016
 as reported on the NYSE MKT
 was $3.20.

Holders
of Record 

As
of March 25
 2016
 there were approximately 426 direct holders of record of our common stock. Based upon the most recent census
performed by our stock transfer agent
 brokerage houses and other financial institutions hold our common stock for approximately
632 additional shareholders.



We
have not paid and have no present intention of paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

Equity
Compensation Plans 

Our
shareholders adopted our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) on June 10
 2014. As of January 2
 2016
 we had issued
80
000 non-qualified stock option awards under the Plan.

2014
Equity Incentive Plan 

The
Plan will expire on June 9
 2024. The Plan provides for grants of various types of awards (&ldquo;Awards&rdquo;) that are designed
to attract and retain highly qualified employees and directors who will contribute to the success of the company and to provide
incentives to participants in this Plan that are linked directly to increases in shareholder value which will
 therefore
 inure
to the benefit of all of our shareholders.


    
    


The
Plan makes 250
000 shares of our common stock available for Awards under the Plan. The Plan also permits performance-based Awards
paid under the Plan to be tax deductible to the company as &ldquo;performance-based compensation&rdquo; under Section 162(m) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &ldquo;Code&rdquo;).



The
Plan will be administered in accordance with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code (but only to the extent necessary
and desirable to qualify Awards under the Plan as &ldquo;performance-based compensation&rdquo; under Section 162(m)) and
 to the
extent applicable
 Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&ldquo;Rule 16b-3&rdquo;)
 by the Board or
 at the Board&rsquo;s
sole discretion
 by the compensation or any other committee of the Board
 as appointed by the Board (the &ldquo;Administrator&rdquo;).

Eligible
Participants

Incentive
stock options
 or ISOs
 may be granted only to employees (including officers and directors who are also employees) of the company.
Options and stock appreciation rights may be granted only to eligible participants as to whom company shares constitute &ldquo;service
recipient stock
&rdquo; within the meaning of the regulations under Section 409A of the Code. All other Awards may be granted
to employees
 officers and directors of the company. An Eligible Participant may be granted more than one Award under the Plan.

The
Plan allows us to grant ISOs to our employees and non-statutory stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 performance
grants
 stock bonuses and any other types of equity-based awards to our employees
 officers and directors. We believe that our
ability to grant this broad array of equity incentives is critical to secure
 retain and motivate our employees and directors
and to respond to market conditions and best practices
 while at the same time balancing such issuances and the potential dilution
to our stockholders.

Sales
of Unregistered Securities 

There
were no sales of unregistered securities during fiscal 2015.

Purchase
of Equity Securities By the Issuer and Affiliates 

We
did not purchase any shares of our common stock in the thirteen weeks ended January 2
 2016 (the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015).



Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data.


Not
applicable.


    
    




Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.


The
following is management&rsquo;s discussion and analysis of certain significant factors which have affected our financial position
and operating results during the periods included in the accompanying audited financial statements.

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The
preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The policies discussed below are considered by management
to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements because their application places the most significant demands on
management&rsquo;s judgment
 with financial reporting results relying on estimation about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain. Specific risks for these critical accounting policies are described in the following paragraphs. For all of these policies
management cautions that future events rarely develop exactly as forecast
 and the best estimates routinely require adjustment.

Revenue
We recognize revenue when goods are shipped from our production facilities or outside warehouses and the
following four criteria have been met: (i) the product has been shipped and we have no significant remaining obligations; (ii)
persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (iii) the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collection is probable.
We record as deductions against sales all trade discounts
 returns and allowances that occur in the ordinary course of business
when the sale occurs. To the extent we charge our customers for freight expense
 it is included in freight out expense in cost
of goods sold. The amount of freight costs charged to customers has not been material to date.

Accounts
The majority of our accounts receivables are due from distributors (domestic and international) and retailers.
Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customers&rsquo; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts
receivable are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful
accounts. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. We determine whether an allowance
is necessary by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
 our previous
loss history
 the customer&rsquo;s current ability to pay its obligation
 and the condition of the general economy and the industry
as a whole. We write-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible
 and payments subsequently received on such receivables
are credited to the bad debt expense account. We do not accrue interest on accounts receivable past due.

Fixed
Fixed assets are depreciated and amortized over the estimated useful life of the related asset. Fixed assets
are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation. The automobile is being depreciated on a straight line basis over a period
of five years.

Inventory.

demand are written down and charged to the provision for inventories. At the point of which loss is recognized
 a new
 lower cost
basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or
increase in the newly established cost basis.


    
    


Income
The carrying value of deferred tax assets assumes that we will be able to generate sufficient future taxable
income to realize the deferred tax assets based on estimates and assumptions. If these estimates and assumptions change in the
future
 we may be required to record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets which could result in additional income
tax expense. We will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&rsquo;s
assessment is that the position is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be allowed
by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term &ldquo;tax position&rdquo; refers to a
position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring
current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred
Revenue and Costs.
 but for
which the transactions have not met our revenue recognition criteria. The cost of the related product has been recorded as deferred
costs on our balance sheet.

Stock
. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing

is recognized over the requisite service period.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting
 including requiring
lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. This Accounting Standards
Update
 or ASU
 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018 including interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early adoption is permitted. The new leases standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all leases
existing at
 or entered into after
 the date of initial application
 with an option to use certain transition relief. We are currently
evaluating the impact of adopting the new leases standard on our financial statements.

In
November 2015
 the FASB issued guidance that eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities
and assets as current and non-current in a classified balance sheet. Instead
 organizations will be required to classify all deferred
tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The amendments apply to all organizations that present a classified balance sheet. This
amendment is effective for our company for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and
interim periods within those annual periods. We have not yet adopted this guidance but do not expect the adoption of this guidance
will have a material impact on our financial statements and related disclosures.

In
July 2015
 the FASB issued guidance which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to
the lower of cost and net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable value as estimated selling pricings in the ordinary
course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new guidance must be applied
on a prospective basis and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those
fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on our
financial statements and related disclosures.

In
2015
 the FASB issued an accounting standards update which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one
year. The update applies to all companies that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services and is effective
for public companies for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Early application is permitted
only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting
period. We are currently evaluating the requirements of this update and have not yet determined its impact on our financial statements.


    
    


In
August
 2014
 the FASB issued guidance that requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise
 doubt
about an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. If such conditions or events exist
 disclosures are required that
enable users of the financial statements to understand the nature of the conditions or events
 management&rsquo;s evaluation of
the circumstances and management&rsquo;s plans to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern. We will be required to perform an annual assessment of our ability to continue as a going
concern when this standard becomes effective for us for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within
annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016; however
 the adoption of this guidance is not expected to impact our financial
position
 results of operations or cash flows.

Key
Factors Affecting Our Business 

Our
operations and the operating metrics discussed below have been
 and will likely continue to be affected by certain key factors
as well as certain historical events and actions. The key factors affecting our business and results of operations include among
others
 our ability to attain profitability in the future
 dependence on a few key distributors for a significant portion of our
sales
 dependence on several key suppliers to produce our products
 competition
 and our reliance on a limited number of key executives
to manage our business. For further discussion of the factors affecting our results of operations
 see &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;

We
may not be able to attain profitability in the future.

Our
sales have not rebounded since the loss in 2011 of our then largest customer
 when it discontinued stocking branded goods. Since
mid-2011
 our sales have continued to be lower than in the years prior to 2011 as we have struggled to replace those sales. The
loss of revenues from this former customer has affected our profitability. We had net losses of $824
000 in the year ended December
29
 2012
 $908
000 in the year ended December 28
 2013
 $163
000 in the year ended December 27
 2014
 and $643
000 in the year
ended January 2
 2016. If we are unable to increase revenues
 we may not be able to return to or sustain profitable operations
in the future or generate positive cash flows from our operations.

As
of January 2
 2016
 we had $55
000 in cash and cash equivalents and our working capital was $2
003
000. The lack of sufficient
working capital could negatively impact our ability to introduce and adequately promote new products. To the extent that we incur
operating losses in the future or are unable to generate free cash flows from our business
 we may not have sufficient working
capital to fund our operations and will be required to obtain additional financing. Such financing may not be available
 or
 if
available
 may not be on terms satisfactory to us. If adequate funds are not available to us
 our business
 and results of operations
and financial condition will be adversely affected.

We
depend on a few key distributors for a significant portion of our sales. 

A
significant portion of our sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies with numerous divisions
and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 44% and 43% of our net sales for the fiscal
years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 respectively. Although we believe that the business associated with any of
our primary distributors can be readily transferred to other distributors or directly to supermarket warehouses if necessary
no assurance can be given that a change in distributors would not be disruptive to our business
 which could have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations.


    
    


We
depend on several key suppliers to produce our products. 

We
do not produce any of our own products. During the years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 we purchased approximately
24% and 26%
 respectively
 of our finished goods from Ice Cream Specialties
 our primary frozen dessert novelty co-packer and
29% and 28% of our finished goods
 respectively
 from Franklin Foods
 our 
 
 co-packer. Although we believe that there will be no problem in continuing to obtain finished goods
from our current or alternative sources in the future
 any disruption in supply could have a material adverse effect on our company.



The
frozen dessert
 non-dairy cheese food and health food markets are highly competitive. In addition
 many of our principal competitors
are large
 diversified companies with resources significantly greater than ours. We expect strong competition to continue
 including
competition for adequate distribution and competition for the limited shelf space for the frozen dessert and non-dairy cheese
food categories in supermarkets and other retail food outlets.

From
time to time
 we and our customers experience price pressure in some of our markets as a result of competitors&rsquo; promotional
pricing practices as well as general market conditions. Our failure to match or exceed our competitors&rsquo; cost reductions
through innovative products and other improvements could weaken our competitive position. Competition is based on product quality
reliability
 food safety
 distribution effectiveness
 brand loyalty
 price
 effective promotional activities
 the ability to identify
and satisfy emerging consumer preferences and the ability to provide ancillary support services. We may not be able to compete
effectively with these larger
 more diversified companies.

We
rely on a limited number of key executives to manage our business. 

Our
success is significantly dependent on the services of David Mintz (age 84)
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Steven Kass (age 64)
Chief Financial Officer. The loss of the services of either of these persons could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations.

Fiscal
Year Ended January 2
 2016 Compared with Fiscal Year Ended December 27
 2014 

We
operate on a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal years for the financial statements included in
this report are the fifty-three week period ended January 2
 2016 (fiscal 2015) and the fifty-two week period ended December 27
2014 (fiscal 2014).

Net
sales for the fiscal year ended January 2
 2016 were $13
764
000
 a decrease of $589
000
 or 4%
 from net sales of $14
353
000
for the fiscal year ended December 27
 2014. Sales in our frozen dessert product line decreased to $3
866
000 in fiscal 2015 from
$4
386
000 in fiscal 2014. Our frozen dessert business continues to be negatively impacted by the overall sluggishness of sales
in the ice cream category. Sales of soy-cheese products decreased to $9
311
000 in fiscal 2015 from $9
446
000 in fiscal 2014


000 in fiscal 2015 from $521
000 in fiscal

Pizza Pizzaz sales. 

Our
gross profit in the year ended January 2
 2016 decreased by $652
000 to $3
598
000 from $4
250
000
 reflecting the reduction in
sales. Our gross profit percentage for the year ended January 2
 2016 decreased to 26% from 30% for the year ended December 27
2014. Our gross profit percentage was negatively impacted by a $482
000 increase in sales allowance in the 2015 fiscal year. We
are currently reviewing these allowance programs and where necessary have eliminated these programs in fiscal 2016 where the impact
on sales does not justify the cost. Freight out expense decreased to $857
000 for the year ended January 2
 2016 compared with
$959
000 for the year ended December 27
 2014 due to the decrease in sales. Freight out cost as a percentage of sales decreased

the result of the lower level of fuel prices during the second half of 2015. We anticipate that our freight cost as a percentage

gross profitability in future periods through selective price increases and selective ingredient replacements to lower cost alternatives.


    
    


Selling
and warehousing expenses increased by $78
000
 or 5%
 to $1
550
000 for fiscal 2015 from $1
472
000 in fiscal 2014. This increase
was caused primarily by an increase in payroll expense of $13
000
 bad debt expense of $87
000
 and meetings and conventions expense
of $15
000. These increases were partially offset by decreases in commission expense of $8
000
 travel
 entertainment and auto
expense of $14
000 and outside warehouse rental expense of $10
000. We anticipate that selling expenses in 2016 should be lower
compared with our expenses in 2015.

Marketing
expenses decreased in fiscal 2015 by $196
000
 or 35%
 to $357
000 from $553
000 in fiscal 2014 due to decreases in advertising
expense of $28
000
 public relations expense of $49
000
 promotion expense of $52
000
 and artwork and plates expense of $69
000.
We expect marketing expenses to decline in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 due to the elimination of certain promotion and
advertising programs and a major reduction in public relations expense as a result of our decision to no longer employ a public
relations firm or an outside marketing consultant.

Product
development expenses decreased by $118
000
 or 18%
 to $523
000 in fiscal 2015 from $641
000 in fiscal 2014. The decrease was
caused primarily by a decrease in payroll expense of $113
000. We expect product development costs to remain constant or decline
slightly in fiscal 2016.

General
and administrative expenses increased by $73
000
 or 4%
 to $1
888
000 for fiscal 2015 as compared with $1
815
000 for fiscal
2014. The increase was primarily due to a non-cash $113
000 increase in stock option expense
 a $18
000 increase in professional
fees and outside services
 and a $10
000 increase in general insurance expense. These increases were partially offset by a $12
000
decrease in public relations expense
 a $18
000 decrease in payroll expense
 and a $24
000 decrease in travel
 entertainment and
auto expense. Our management expects that general and administrative expenses in 2016 will decrease compared with fiscal 2015
expenses due to a significant reduction in stock option expense.

Overall
total operating expenses in fiscal 2015 decreased by $163
000
 or 4%
 to $4
318
000 compared to total operating expenses of $4
481
000
in fiscal 2014. We anticipate that our operating expenses in fiscal 2016 will decline in comparison to fiscal 2015 due to a reduction
on stock option expense and declines in sales and marketing expenses.

Loss
before income taxes increased by $490
000
 or 212%
 to a loss of $721
000 in fiscal 2015 as compared with a loss of $231
000 in
fiscal 2014.

Income
tax benefit for the 2015 fiscal period was $78
000 compared to income tax benefit of $68
000 for the 2014 fiscal period. The income
tax benefit in 2015 and 2014 was due to reductions in our unrecognized tax positions from prior years.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
recent operating history has resulted in a decrease in our capital resources. At January 2
 2016
 we had approximately $55
000
in cash and cash equivalents
 and our working capital was $2
003
000
 a decrease of $530
000 from December 27
 2014. Our current
and quick acid test ratios
 both measures of liquidity
 were 2.4 and 1.4
 respectively
 as of both January 2
 2016 and December
27
 2014.


    
    


In
September 2014
 we obtained a loan of approximately $29
000 from a bank for the purchase of an automobile used for marketing purposes.
The loan requires 60 monthly payments of $535 through August 2019. Interest is charged at a fixed nominal rate of 4.64%. The loan
is collateralized by the underlying automobile.

In
order to provide our company with additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 our Chairman and Chief Executive
provided our company with a loan of $500
000 which is secured by substantially all of our assets and is due on December 31
 2017.
Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole
or in part at any time without premium or penalty. The loan is convertible into our common stock at a conversion price of $4.01
per share
 the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was entered into.



    
    

    

 2016

 2014

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Cash
used in operating activities was $280
000 for the fiscal year ended January 2
 2016 compared with cash provided by operating activities
of $129
000 for the fiscal year ended December 27
 2014. In the fiscal year ended January 2
 2016
 our cash flow from operating
activities reflected a net loss of $643
000 and a decrease of $184
000 in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 which were partially
offset by decreases in accounts receivable and inventory of $131
000 and $379
000
 respectively.

In
the fiscal year ended January 2
 2016
 we used $6
000 in financing activities compared to $2
000 used in financing activities
for the fiscal year ended December 27
 2014.

As
a result of the foregoing
 our cash and cash equivalents decreased to $55
000 at January 2
 2016 from $341
000 at December 27
2014.

We
believe our existing cash and cash equivalents on hand at January 2
 2016
 supplemented by the $500
000 loan we received on January
6
 2016
 existing working capital and the cash flows expected from operations
 will be sufficient to support our operating and
capital requirements during the next twelve months. However
 we may require additional financing in order to carry out our business
plans for future periods.

Contractual
Obligations

We
had no material contractual obligations at January 2
 2016.

Inflation
and Seasonality

We
do not believe that our operating results have been materially affected by inflation during the preceding two years. There can
be no assurance
 however
 that our operating results will not be affected by inflation in the future. Our business is subject
to minimal seasonal variations with slightly increased sales historically in the second and third quarters of the fiscal year.
We expect to continue to experience slightly higher sales in the second and third quarters
 and slightly lower sales in the fourth
and first quarters
 as a result of reduced sales of non-dairy frozen desserts during those periods.


    
    


Market
Risk

We
will invest our excess cash
 should there be any
 in highly rated money market funds which are subject to changes in short-term
interest rates. We do not believe that our foreign currency exposure is significant as our export sales are transacted in U.S.
dollars. We did not enter into any foreign exchange contracts in the year ended January 2
 2016.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements





Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.



Not
applicable.



Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data.


Index
to Financial Statements



Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
F-1
    

Financial
    Statements:
    

Balance
    Sheets
    

Statements
    of Operations
    

Statements
    of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
    

Statements
    of Cash Flows
    

Notes
    to Financial Statements
    



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

The
Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Tofutti
Brands Inc.

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Tofutti Brands Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of January 2
 2016 and December
27
 2014
 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the fiscal
years then ended. The financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Tofutti
Brands Inc. as of January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.



/s/
    EisnerAmper LLP
    

    
    

Iselin
    New Jersey
    

April
    1
 2016
    



    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.


 except for share
and per share data)



    

 2015

 2014

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and sales promotions
    of $316 and $275 respectively
1
783
1
914


 net of reserve of $0 and $150
 respectively
1
473
1
852

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
486
4
283

    
    
    


 respectively)
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
523
4
326

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
117
1
367

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
483
1
750

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
499
1
772

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


000 shares
 none
    issued
    
    


000
000 shares
 issued and outstanding
    5
153
706 shares at January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
859
2
502

    
2
024
2
554

    
3
523
4
326


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.


 except for per share
data)



    
    
    January 2
 2016
    
    December 27
 2014

    
    
    

    
13
764
14
353

    
10
166
10
103

    
3
598
4
250

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
550
1
472

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
888
1
815

    
4
318
4
481

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
154
5
154

    
    
    

    
    
    


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.


 2016 and December 27
2014

 except for share
data)



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 28
 2013
5
153
706
    
    
2
665
2
717

    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 27
 2014
5
153
706
    
    
2
502
2
554

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 January 2
 2016
5
153
706
    
    
1
859
2
024


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.





    
    
    January 2
 2016
    
    December 27
 2014

    
    
    

    
    
    


    operating activities:
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 AT BEGINNING OF YEAR
    
    


 AT END OF YEAR
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

NOTE
1:&#9; LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

At
January 2
 2016
 Tofutti Brands
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) had approximately $55 in cash compared to $341 at December 27
2014. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended January 2
 2016 was $280 compared to $129 provided by operating
activities for the year ended December 27
 2014. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended January 2
 2016 was
primarily the result of our net loss of $643 and a decrease of $184 in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 which were partially
offset by decreases in accounts receivable and inventory of $131 and $379
 respectively.

During
the years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 $6 and $2 was used in financing activities
 respectively.

The
Company has historically financed operations and met capital requirements primarily through positive cash flow from operations.
However
 due to the net loss and cash used in operations for the year ended January 2
 2016 in order to provide the Company with
additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 the Company&rsquo;s Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided it with
a loan of $500
000 which is due on December 31
 2017. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis
without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. The loan is convertible
into the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of its common stock on the NYSE
MKT on the date the promissory note was entered into.

The
Company&rsquo;s ability to introduce successful new products may be adversely affected by a number of factors
 such as unforeseen
cost and expenses
 economic environment
 increased competition
 and other factors beyond the Company&rsquo;s control. Management
cannot provide assurance that the Company will operate profitably in the future
 or that it will not require significant additional
financing in order to accomplish or exceed the objectives of its business plan. Consequently
 the Company&rsquo;s historical operating
results cannot be relied on to be an indicator of future performance
 and management cannot predict whether the Company will obtain
or sustain positive operating cash flow or generate net income in the future.

NOTE
2: &#9;DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Description
of Business
the development
 production and marketing of non-dairy frozen desserts and other food products.

Operating
companies

While the Company has multiple products and or product groups
 its goal is to focus on non-dairy foods. The Company&rsquo;s chief
operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but does not track more granular operating results by product group
as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As a result
 the Company has determined that it has only one operating
segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing of soy-based
 non-dairy frozen desserts
 frozen food products and
soy-based cheese products. 

Fiscal
Year
statements included herein are the fifty-three week period fiscal ended January 2
 2016 and the fifty-two week fiscal period ended
on December 27
 2014.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

Estimates
and Uncertainties
in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include allowance for doubtful accounts
 sales promotion
accruals
 inventory reserves and reserves for uncertain tax positions. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Revenue
Recognition
Revenue is recognized when the following four criteria under ASC 605 have been met: the product has been shipped and the Company
has no significant remaining obligations; persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable;
and collection is probable. Deductions from sales for promotional programs
 manufacturers&rsquo; charge-backs
 co-operative advertising
programs and other programs are recorded as reductions of revenues and are provided for at the time of initial sale of product.
Freight charged to customers is included in revenues
 and has generally been insignificant.

Concentration
of Credit/Sales Risk
primarily of cash and unsecured trade receivables. During the year
 the Company&rsquo;s cash balance at its financial institution
exceeded the FDIC limit of $250.

The
Company performs ongoing evaluations of its customers&rsquo; financial condition and does not require collateral. Management feels
that credit risk beyond the established allowances at January 2
 2016 is limited.

During
the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 the Company derived approximately 83% of its net sales domestically.
The remaining sales in both periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of one customer represented
approximately 9% of total accounts receivable at January 2
 2016
 and one customer represented 16% of total accounts receivable
at December 27
 2014. In addition
 a significant portion of the Company&rsquo;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are
large distribution companies with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted
for 44% and 43% of the Company&rsquo;s net sales for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014.

Accounts
Receivable - 
and retailers. Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customers&rsquo; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is
not required. Accounts receivable are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of
an allowance for doubtful accounts. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The
Company determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are
past due
 the Company&rsquo;s previous loss history
 the customer&rsquo;s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company
and the condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they become
uncollectible
 and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the bad debt expense. The Company does not
accrue interest on accounts receivable past due.

Deferred
Revenue and Deferred Costs
billed and shipped
 but for which the transactions have not met its revenue recognition criteria. The cost of the related product
has been recorded as deferred costs on its balance sheet.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

Cash
and Cash Equivalents
to be cash equivalents.

Inventories

future demand are written down and charged to the provision for inventories. At the point of which loss is recognized
 a new
lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration
or increase in the newly established cost basis.

The
Company purchased approximately 24% and 26% of its finished products from one supplier and 29% and 28% of its finished products
from another supplier during the periods ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 respectively.

Income
Taxes
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded if there is uncertainty
as to the realization of deferred tax assets. The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain
tax position only if management&rsquo;s assessment is that the position is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; (i.e.
 a likelihood
greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term
&ldquo;tax position&rdquo; refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future
tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.

Stock-based
compensation 
ASC 718
. Under ASC 718
share-based awards are valued at fair value
on the date of grant and that fair value is recognized over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. The Company
values its stock option using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.

Net
Loss Per Share 
common shares outstanding. For the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares
and 0 shares
 respectively
 were excluded from diluted earnings per share calculations since the effect was anti-dilutive due
to overall net loss position.



    
January 2
 2016
December 27
 2014


 numerator
 basic and diluted computation
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
154
5
154

    
    
    


 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
5
154
5
154

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses are stated at their carrying values. The carrying amounts approximate
fair value because of the short-term nature of those instruments.

Freight
Costs 
years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 respectively. Such costs are included in costs of goods sold.

Advertising
Costs
the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 respectively.

Product
Costs of new product development and product redesign are charged to expense as incurred. Product
development costs amounted to $523 and $641 during the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 respectively.

Recent
&#9;In February 2016
 the FASB issued
guidance which amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting
 including requiring lessees to recognize most leases
on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. This Accounting Standards Update
 or ASU
 will be effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.
The new leases standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all leases existing at
 or entered into after
the date of initial application
 with an option to use certain transition relief. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of adopting the new leases standard on its financial statements.

In
November 2015
 the FASB issued guidance that eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities
and assets as current and non-current in a classified balance sheet. 
organizations will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The amendments apply to all
organizations that present a classified balance sheet. This amendment is effective for the Company for financial statements issued
for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company has not yet
adopted this guidance but does not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its financial statements
and related disclosures.

In
July 2015
 the FASB issued guidance which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to
the lower of cost and net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable value as estimated selling pricings in the ordinary
course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new guidance must be applied
on a prospective basis and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those
fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact
on its financial statements and related disclosures.

In
2015
 the FASB issued an accounting standards update which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one
year. The update applies to all companies that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services and is effective
for public companies for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Early application is permitted
only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting
period. The Company is currently evaluating the requirements of this update and has not yet determined its impact on its financial
statements.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

In
August
 2014
 the FASB issued guidance that requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise
 doubt
 conditions or events
exist
 disclosures are required that enable users of the financial statements to understand the nature of the conditions or events
management&rsquo;s evaluation of the circumstances and management&rsquo;s plans to mitigate the conditions or events that raise
substantial doubt about the entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company will be required to perform an
annual assessment of its ability to continue as a going concern when this standard becomes effective for it for annual periods
ending after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016; however
 the adoption
of this guidance is not expected to impact the Company&rsquo;s financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 

NOTE
3:&#9; INVENTORIES 

Inventories
consist of the following:



    

 2016

 2014

    
1
007
1
290

    
    
    

    
1
473
1
852


NOTE
4:&#9; FIXED ASSETS 

Fixed
assets consist of the following:



    

 2016

 2014

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
    
    


Depreciation
expense as of year-end January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014 was $6 and $2
 respectively.

NOTE
5:&#9; STOCK OPTIONS 

On
June 10
 2014
 the shareholders of the Company approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2014 Plan&rdquo;). The 2014
Plan provides for grants of various types of awards that are designed to attract and retain highly qualified personnel who will
contribute to the success of the Company and to provide incentives to participants in the 2014 Plan that are linked directly to
increases in shareholder value which will therefore inure to the benefit of all shareholders of the Company. The Company intends
to rely on a combination of multi-year performance awards
 options and other stock-based awards for these purposes. The 2014 Plan
made 250
000 shares of Common Stock available for awards. The 2014 Plan also permits performance-based 2014 awards paid under
it to be tax deductible under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 as &ldquo;performance-based compensation.&rdquo;
As of January 2
 2016
 the Company has issued 80
000 non-qualified stock option awards under the 2014 Plan.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

The
following is a summary of stock option activity from December 27
 2014 to January 2
 2016:



    
    

    
    
    
    Average
    Exercise
    Price ($)

Outstanding
    at December 27
 2014
    
    

Granted
    
80
000
    

Exercised
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at January 2
 2016
80
000
    

Exercisable
    at January 2
 2016
26
668
    


The
following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at January 2
 2016:



    
    Exercise Prices ($)
    
    Outstanding
    
    Remaining Life 
    (in years)
    
    Exercise 
    
    Exercisable

    
80
000
    
    
26
668


The
fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing formula. Expected volatilities
and risk-free interest rates are based upon the expected life of the grant. The interest rates used are the U.S. Treasury yield
curve in effect at the time of the grant.

During
fiscal 2015
 80
000 options were granted

668 of the options vesting at the respective grant
date
 26
666 vesting in January 2016
 and 26

 expected volatility was
69.8%-71.4%
 a risk-free rate of 1.3%-1.8%
 0% expected dividends
 and an expected term of five year.

As
of January 2
 2016
 the intrinsic value of the options outstanding and exercisable was immaterial. As of January 2
 2016
 there
was approximately $94 of total unrecognized compensation cost that will be recognized 
January 2
 2017 related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the Plan. For the fiscal year ended
January 2
 2016 stock compensation expense was $113.

NOTE
6:&#9; LEASES 

The
Company&rsquo;s facilities are located in a one-story facility in Cranford
 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses
its administrative offices
 a warehouse
 walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen.
The Company&rsquo;s original lease agreement expired on July 1
 1999
 but it continues to occupy the premises on a monthly basis.
Any changes by either the landlord or the Company remains subject to a six month notification period. The Company currently has
no plans to enter into a long-term lease agreement for the facility. Rent expense was $82 in 2015 and $80 in 2014. The Company&rsquo;s
management believes that the Cranford facility will continue to satisfy its space requirements for the foreseeable future and
that if necessary
 such space can be replaced without a significant impact to the business.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

NOTE
7:&#9; INCOME TAXES 

The
components of income tax benefit for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014 are as follows:



    

 2016

 2014

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


A
reconciliation between the expected federal tax expense at the statutory tax rate of 34% and the Company&rsquo;s actual tax expense
for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014 follows:



    

 2016

 2014

    
    
    


 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Deferred
tax assets for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014 consist of the following components:



    

 2016

 2014

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2016
 the Company has $1
860
of federal net operating loss carryforwards and $2
664 of state net operating loss carryforwards
 which will begin to expire in
2032.

Management
has concluded that based upon all available evidence it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be utilized.
The Company has recorded an increase in the valuation allowance in the amount of $253 during the year ended January 2
 2016. The
remaining deferred tax asset is offset by the federal unrecorded tax benefit.

The
Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&rsquo;s assessment
is that the position is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax
jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term &ldquo;tax position&rdquo; refers to a position in
a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring current
or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

The
following table indicates the changes to the Company&rsquo;s uncertain tax positions for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016
and December 27
 2014:




 2013
    


    positions related to prior years
    


 2014
    


    positions related to prior years
    


 2016
    


The
Company accounts for penalties or interest related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for income taxes. The Company
had approximately $2 and $32 of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions at January 2
 2016 and December
27
 2014
 respectively. The amount of uncertain tax positions that would affect the effective tax rate if they were recognized
is $119.

The
liability at January 2
 2016 for uncertain tax positions is included in accrued expenses. The Company&rsquo;s federal and state
tax returns are open to examination for the years 2012 to 2015.

NOTE
8: NOTE PAYABLE 

In
September 2014
 the Company obtained an auto loan of approximately $29 from a bank. The loan requires 60 monthly payments of $0.535
through August 2019. Interest is charged at a fixed nominal rate of 4.64%. The loan is collateralized by the underlying automobile.



    

 2016

 2014

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of current maturity
    
    


Minimum
estimated future payments on this loan as of January 2
 2016 are as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

NOTE
9: SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC REGION AND PRODUCT CATEGORY

Revenues
by geographical region are as follows(in thousands):



    

 2016

 2014

    
    
    

    
12
318
12
781

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
764
14
353


Approximately
93% of the Americas revenue in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 is attributable to the United States. All of the Company&rsquo;s assets
are located in the United States.

Net
sales by major product category (in thousands):



    

 2016

 2014

    
3
866
4
386

    
9
311
9
446

    
    
    

    
13
764
14
353


NOTE
10: SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

On
January 6
 2016
 the Company entered into a loan agreement with David Mintz
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company
 evidenced by a promissory note
 whereby Mr. Mintz agreed to loan the Company $500 until December 31
 2017.
The loan will bear interest at 5% per annum commencing March 31
 2016 on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be
prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty.

The
loan is convertible into shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price
of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was entered into.

In
any event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase
to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all other obligations of the Company under
the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
 and Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies available
to him.


    
    




Item
    9.
Changes
    In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 






Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures. 


Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
 2016
 our company&rsquo;s chief executive officer and chief financial
officer conducted an evaluation regarding the effectiveness of our company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon the evaluation of these controls and procedures
 our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective with respect
to the material weaknesses
 as described below in our internal control over financial reporting
 that have not been fully remediated
as of the end of the fiscal year 2015.

Disclosure
Controls and Internal Controls.
Act of 1934
 as amended
 Disclosure Controls are defined as meaning controls and procedures that are designed with the objective
of insuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
(the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 is recorded
 processed
 designed and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC&rsquo;s
rules and forms. Disclosure Controls include
 within the definition under the Exchange Act
 and without limitation
 controls and
procedures to insure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports is accumulated and communicated to our management
including our chief executive officer and principal financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.
Internal Controls are procedures which are designed with the objective of providing reasonable assurance that (1) our transactions
are properly authorized; (2) our assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use; and (3) our transactions are properly
recorded and reported
 all to permit the preparation of our financial statements inconformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer and effected by our board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management&rsquo;s
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting includes using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission
 or COSO
 framework
 an integrated framework (2013) for the evaluation of internal controls issued by COSO
 to identify
the risks and control objectives related to the evaluation of our control environment.


    
    


Based
on their evaluation under the frameworks described above
 our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of January 2
 2016 because of the following material weaknesses
in internal controls over financial reporting:



    
    
A
    continuing lack of sufficient resources and an insufficient level of monitoring and oversight
 which may restrict our ability
    to gather
 analyze and report information relative to the financial statements in a timely manner.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    limited size of the accounting department makes it impracticable to achieve an optimum separation of duties.


Remediation
Plan 

We
are continuing to seek ways to remediate these weaknesses
 which stem from our small workforce
 that will not require us to hire
additional personnel.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

No
change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended January 2
 2016 that materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual
report.



Item
    9B.
Other
    Information.





    
    


PART
III



Item
    10. 
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 


Our
directors and executive officers are:



    
    
    
    
    

David
    Mintz
    
    
    
Chairman
    of the Board of Directors
 Chief Executive Officer

Steven
    Kass
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer

Neal
    S. Axelrod
    
    
    
    

Joseph
    N. Himy
    
    
    
    

Scott
    Korman
    
    
    
    

Franklyn
    Snitow
    
    
    
    


David
Mintz has been our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since August 1981. Mr. Mintz&rsquo;s knowledge about our
company and his role as the developer of our product line is essential to the operation of our board.

Steven
Kass has been our Chief Financial Officer since November 1986 and Secretary and Treasurer since January 1987.

Neal
S. Axelrod has been a director since August 2007. Mr. Axelrod has been a self-employed certified public accountant in New Jersey
since 1977. Mr. Axelrod&rsquo;s accounting and financial background enhances the breadth of experience of the board of directors.

Joseph
N. Himy was elected to serve as a member of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee on October 30
 2013 by our Board of
Directors. He has been Managing Director of The CFO Squad
 a financial and business advisory firm providing outsourced CFO advisory
and regulatory consulting services primarily for public companies
 since August 2011. From May 2008 until August 2011
 Mr. Himy
was Chief Financial Officer of Vyteris
 Inc.
 manufacturer of the first active transdermal patch approved by the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration for the pain associated with blood draws
 intravenous cannulations and laser ablation of superficial skin
lesions. Prior to May 2008 and from October 2004
 Mr. Himy held various other positions at Vyteris
 including Corporate Controller
and VP of Finance. Mr. Himy received a B.S. degree in Accounting from Brooklyn College of the City University of New York and
is a certified public accountant. Mr. Himy&rsquo;s accounting and financial and corporate governance experience background enhances
the breadth of experience of the board of directors.

Scott
Korman has served as member of the Board of Directors since December 2011 and as a member of the Audit Committee from December
2011 until March 2016. Mr. Korman founded Nashone
 Inc.
 a private equity firm
 in 1984 and is its President. Nashone is also
involved in financial advisory
 turnaround and general management assignments. Mr. Korman is currently Chairman of Da-Tech Corporation
a Pennsylvania based contract electronics manufacturer. He previously served as Chairman and CEO of Best Manufacturing Group LLC.
a leading manufacturer and distributor of uniforms
 napery
 service apparel
 and hospitality and healthcare textiles. Mr. Korman
also served as President and CEO of Welsh Farms Inc.
 a full service dairy
 processing and distributing milk
 ice cream mix and
ice cream products. Mr. Korman received a B.S. degree in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania Wharton School in 1977.
He also serves on the boards of various not-for-profit groups and was the founder of the Englewood Business Forum. Mr. Korman&rsquo;s
experience as a CEO of a frozen dessert company enhances the breadth of experience of the board of directors.


    
    


Franklyn
Snitow has been a director since 1987 and became a member of the Audit Committee in March 2016. He has been a partner in the New
York City law firm Snitow Kanfer &amp; Holtzer
 LLP
 our general counsel
 since 1985. Mr. Snitow&rsquo;s legal and corporate governance
background enhances the breadth of experience of the board of directors.

All
directors hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified.
Officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. All of the executive officers devote their full time to our operations.

Employment
Agreements

There
are currently no employment agreements between us and any of our officers.

Family
Relationships

There
are no family relationships between any of our directors and executive officers.

Involvement
in Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time we may be subject to various claims and contingencies in the ordinary course of business
 including those related
to litigation
 business transactions
 employee-related matters and taxes
 and others. When we are aware of a claim or potential
claim
 we assess the likelihood of any loss or exposure. If it is probable that a loss will result and the amount of the loss
can be reasonably estimated
 we will record a liability for the loss. In addition to the estimated loss
 the recorded liability
includes probable and estimable legal costs associated with the claim or potential claim. There is no assurance that such matters
will not materially and adversely affect our business
 financial position
 and results of operations or cash flows.

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is comprised of Mr. Axelrod
 who serves as chairman
 Mr. Himy and Mr. Snitow. Mr. Snitow
became a member of the Audit Committee in March 2016 after Mr. Korman stepped down. The Board of Directors has determined that
all of the Audit Committee members are independent
 as that term is defined under the enhanced independence standards for audit
committee members in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. The Board of Directors has also determined that Mr. Axelrod is an
Audit Committee Financial Expert as that term is defined in rules issued pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 requires our executive officers
 directors and persons who own more
than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial statements
of beneficial ownership
 reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of common stock and other
of our equity securities
 on Forms 3
 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers
 directors and greater than 10% shareholders are
required by Commission regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file.


    
    


To
our knowledge
 based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us
 or written representations from certain
reporting persons that no additional forms were required for those persons
 we believe that during fiscal 2015 all persons subject
to these reporting requirements filed the required reports on a timely basis.

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
 which applies to directors
 officers
 employees and agents of our company.
We have also adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Officers
 which applies to our chief executive officer
 and all senior financial
officers of our company
 including the chief financial officer
 chief accounting officer or controller
 or persons performing
similar functions. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Code of Ethics for Senior Officers are publicly available on
our website at www.tofutti.com and printed copies are available upon request. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics or the Code of Ethics or grant any waivers
 including any implicit waiver
 from a provision of
these codes to our chief executive officer
 chief financial officer or corporate controller or our directors
 we will disclose
the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website.


Item



The
following table sets forth information concerning the total compensation during the last three fiscal years for our named executive
officers whose total salary in fiscal 2015 totaled $100
000 or more:

Summary
Compensation Table



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    ($)
    
    ($)
    

    
    
450
000
    
    
38
897
    
    
488
897

    
    
450
000
    
    
    
    
    
450
000

    
    
450
000
    
    
    
    
    
450
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
125
000

    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
125
000

    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
125
000




    
The
    dollar amounts in the Option Awards column above reflect the fair value of options as of the grant date for the year ended
    January 2
 2016
 in accordance with ASC 718 and
 therefore
 do not necessarily reflect actual benefits received by any individual.
    Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 5 to our audited financial statements for the year
    ended January 2
 2016.


The
aggregate value of all other perquisites and other personal benefits furnished to each of these executive officers was less than
$10
000 in both the 2015 and 2014 fiscal years. 

Employment
Agreements

We
do not currently have any employment agreements with our executive officers. We do not anticipate having employment contracts
with executive officers and key personnel in the future.


    
    


Grants
of Plan-Based Awards for Fiscal 2015

During
the fiscal year ended January 2
 2016
 David Mintz was awarded 15
000 stock options under our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 10
000
options with an exercise price of $4.39 were granted April 1
 2015
 with 3
333 of the options exercisable on April 2
 2015
 3
333
exercisable January 4
 2016
 and 3
334 exercisable January 2
 2017 with all such options expiring March 31
 2020. An additional
5
000 options with an exercise price of $4.46 were granted on June 10
 2015 with 1
667 of the options exercisable on June 11
2015
 1
667 exercisable January 4
 2016
 and 1
666 exercisable January 2
 2017 with all such options expiring June 9
 2020.

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End

The
following table reflects that the options awards granted to the named executive officers identified above in the summary compensation
table pursuant to the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan.

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End



    

    
    
    underlying
    
    underlying
    
    
    number of
    
    price ($)
    
    date

    
3
333
6
667
    
    
    

    
1
667
3
333
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


Director
Compensation 

Our
non-employee directors earned director compensation in fiscal year ended January 2
 2016 based on the number of meetings attended.
Mr. Axelrod
 chairman of the audit committee
 receives $1
500 per meeting attended. Other members of the audit committee receive
$1
000 per meeting attended. All other non-employee directors are entitled to $500 per meeting attended.

The
following table sets forth the compensation received by each of the Company&rsquo;s non-employee directors for the year ended
January 2
 2016. Each non-employee director is considered independent under NYSE MKT listing standards.



    
    
    in Cash
    
    
    
    
    
    ($)
    
    Compensation
    
    ($)
    

    
15
000
    
38
897
    
    
    
53
897

    
10
000
    
38
897
    
    
    
53
897

    
9
000
    
38
897
    
    
    
47
897

    
1
500
    
38
897
    
    
    
40
397




    
The
    dollar amounts in the Option Awards column above reflect the fair value of options as of the grant date for the year ended
    January 2
 2016
 in accordance with ASC 718 and
 therefore
 do not necessarily reflect actual benefits received by any individual.
    Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 5 to our audited financial statements for the year
    ended January 2
 2016.



    
    




Item
    12. 
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 


The
following tables set forth as of March 30
 2016 certain information regarding the ownership of our common stock
 $0.01 par value
for each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of common stock
 for each executive
officer named in the Summary Compensation Table
 for each of our directors and for our executive officers and directors as a group:

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners




    
    
    

    
2
765
128
    




    
The
    address of Mr. Mintz is c/o Tofutti Brands Inc.
 50 Jackson Drive
 Cranford
 New Jersey 07016. Mr. Mintz has sole voting and/or
    investment power of the shares attributed to him.

    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting
    or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock relating to options currently exercisable or exercisable
    within 60 days of March 30
 2016 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such securities
    but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Except as indicated by footnote
 and subject
    to community property laws where applicable
 the persons named in the table above have sole voting and investment power with
    respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them.

    
Based
    on 5
153
706 shares issued and outstanding as of March 30
 2016.

    
Includes
    10
000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options and 124
688 shares issuable upon conversion
    of a $500
000 note between Mr. Mintz and the company.


Security
Ownership of Management



    
    
    

    
2
765
128
    

    
220
000
    

    
43
100
    

    
10
000
    

    
10
000
    

    
10
000
    

    
3
105
218
    






*Less
than 1%.



    
The
    address of Messrs. Mintz
 Kass
 Axelrod and Himy is c/o Tofutti Brands Inc.
 50 Jackson Drive
 Cranford
 New Jersey 07016.
    The address of Mr. Snitow is 575 Lexington Avenue
 New York
 New York 10017. The address of Mr. Korman is c/o Nashone
 Inc.
    175 Elm Road
 Englewood
 NJ 0361. Each of these persons has sole voting and/or investment power of the shares attributed to
    him.

    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting
    or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock relating to options currently exercisable or exercisable
    within 60 days of March 30
 2016 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such securities
    but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Except as indicated by footnote
 and subject
    to community property laws where applicable
 the persons named in the table above have sole voting and investment power with
    respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them.



    
    




    
Based
    on 5
153
706 shares issued and outstanding as of March 30
 2016.

    
Includes
    10
000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options and 124
688 shares issuable upon conversion
    of a $500
000 note between Mr. Mintz and the company.

    
Includes
    10
000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options.

    
Issuable
    upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options

    
Includes
    50
000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options and 124
688 shares issuable upon conversion
    of a $500
000 note between Mr. Mintz and the company.




Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.


In
order to provide our company with additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 our Chairman and Chief Executive
provided us with a loan of $500
000 which is due on December 31
 2017. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% is payable on
a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. The
loan is convertible into our common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of our common stock on the
NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was entered into.

In
the event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase
to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all of our other obligations under the loan
will be immediately due and payable
 and Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies available to him.
The loan is secured by is secured by substantially all of our assets.



Item
    14.
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services.


Set
forth below are the aggregate fees billed for each of the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014 for services
rendered by EisnerAmper LLP
 our independent registered accounting firm.



    
    
    

    
79
000
102
000

    
    
    

    
79
000
102
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
79
000
102
000


Audit
fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of our financial statements
included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services provided in connection with other statutory or regulatory filings.
During fiscal 2015 and 2014
 we incurred audit fees with EisnerAmper LLP in the amount of $79
000 and $102
000
 respectively.

Audit-related
fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
review of our financial statements and not reported under Audit fees. No such fees were billed in fiscal 2015 or 2014.

Tax
fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to the preparation of our U.S. federal and state income tax returns
and tax advice. No such fees were billed in fiscal 2015 or 2014. The Audit Committee pre-approved all Audit-related fees. After
considering the provision of services encompassed within the above disclosures about fees
 the Audit Committee has determined
that the provision of such services is compatible with maintaining EisnerAmper&rsquo;s independence.


    
    


The
Audit Committee&rsquo;s policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit related services
 tax services and other services. Pre-approval
is generally provided for up to one year
 and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services
and is generally subject to a specific budget. The Audit Committee has delegated the pre-approval authority to its chairperson
when expedition of services is necessary. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically
report to the full Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm
in accordance with this pre-approval and the fees for the services performed to date.

PART
IV



Item
    15. 
Exhibits
    and Financial Statement Schedules.

    
    

    
Financial
    Statements

    
    

    
See
    Item 8.

    
    

    
Financial
    Statement Schedules 

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Certificate
    of Incorporation
 as amended through February 1986.(1)

    
March
    1986 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation.(2)

    
June
    1993 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation.(3)

    
    

    
Tofutti
    Brands Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan.(4)

    
Promissory
    Note.(5)

    
Security
    Agreement.(6) 

    
Consent
    of Eisner Amper LLP.

    
Certification
    by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
 as amended.

    
Certification
    by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
 as amended.

    
Certification
    by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.

    
Certification
    by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.

    
Instance
    Document*

    
Schema
    Document*

    
Calculation
    Linkbase Document*

    
Definition
    Linkbase Document*

    
Labels
    Linkbase Document*

    
Presentation
    Linkbase Document*







    
Pursuant
    to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T
 these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus
    for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 are deemed not filed for the purposes of Section
    18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.

    
    

    
Filed
    as an exhibit to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31
 1985 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.



    
    




    
Filed
    as an exhibit to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 2
 1986 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as an exhibit to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended January 1
 2005 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as Appendix A to the Proxy Statement filed as the Registrant&rsquo;s Schedule 14A filed May 14
 2014 and hereby incorporated
    by reference thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 8-K bearing a cover date of January 6
 2016 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 8-K bearing a cover date of January 6
 2016 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized on April 1
 2016.



    
TOFUTTI
    BRANDS INC.

    
(Registrant)
    

    
    

    
/s/
    David Mintz

    
David
    Mintz

    
Chairman
    of the Board and

    
Chief
    Executive Officer


In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Report has been signed below on April 1
 2016
 by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated.



/s/
    David Mintz
    
/s/
    Joseph N. Himy

David
    Mintz
    
Joseph
    N. Himy

Chairman
    of the Board
    
    

and
    Chief Executive Officer
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
    Steven Kass
    
/s/
    Scott Korman

Steven
    Kass
    
Scott
    Korman

Secretary
    Treasurer and Chief Financial 
    
    

and
    Principal Accounting Officer
    
    

    
    
    

Neal
    S. Axelrod 
    
/s/
    Franklyn Snitow

Neal
    S. Axelrod
    
Franklyn
    Snitow

    
    
    



    
    


EXHIBIT
INDEX



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Incorporation
 as amended through February 1986.(1)

    
    
March
    1986 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation.(2)

    
    
June
    1993 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation.(3)

    
    
    

    
    
Tofutti
    Brands Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan.(4)

23.1
    
    
Consent
    of Eisner Amper LLP.

    
    
Certification
    by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
 as amended.

    
    
Certification
    by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
 as amended.

    
    
Certification
    by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.

    
    
Certification
    by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.

    
    
Instance
    Document*

    
    
Schema
    Document*

    
    
Calculation
    Linkbase Document*

    
    
Definition
    Linkbase Document*

    
    
Labels
    Linkbase Document*

    
    
Presentation
    Linkbase Document*








    
Pursuant
    to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T
 these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus
    for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 are deemed not filed for the purposes of Section
    18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.

    
    

    
Filed
    as an exhibit to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31
 1985 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as an exhibit to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 2
 1986 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as an exhibit to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended January 1
 2005 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as Appendix A to the Proxy Statement filed as the Registrant&rsquo;s Schedule 14A filed May 14
 2014 and hereby incorporated
    by reference thereto.



    
    
















     




EXHIBIT
23.1

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Tofutti Brands Inc. on Form S-8 (No. 333-198197)
of our report dated April 1
 2016
 on our audits of the financial statements as of January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014 and
for each of the fiscal years then ended
 which report was included in the Annual Report on
Form 10-K
 filed on April 1
 2016.



/s/
    EisnerAmper LLP
    

Iselin
    New Jersey
    

April
    1
 2016
    



    
    













     




Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
David Mintz
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tofutti Brands Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent function):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:
April 1
 2016



/s/
    David Mintz*
    

David
    Mintz
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    


*The
originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made available for
inspection upon request.


    
    












     




Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Steven Kass
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tofutti Brands Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent function):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:
April 1
 2016



/s/
    Steven Kass*
    

Steven
    Kass
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    


*The
originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made available for
inspection upon request.


    
    












     



Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Tofutti Brands Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending January
2
 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 David Mintz
 Chief
Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.



/s/
    David Mintz*
    

David
    Mintz
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    

Date:
    April 1
 2016
    


*The
originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made available for
inspection upon request.

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall
not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference


    
    













     



Exhibit
32.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Tofutti Brands Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending January
2
 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Steven Kass
 Chief
Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.



/s/
    Steven Kass*
    

Steven
    Kass
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    


Date:
April 1
 2016

*The originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made
available for inspection upon request.

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall
not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference


    
    






















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      


      


      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2016
 Tofutti Brands
 Inc. (the&#13;&amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) had approximately $55 in cash compared to $341 at December 27
 2014. Net cash used in operating activities&#13;for the year ended January 2
 2016 was $280 compared to $129 provided by operating activities for the year ended December 27
 2014.&#13;Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended January 2
 2016 was primarily the result of our net loss of $643 and a&#13;decrease of $184 in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 which were partially offset by decreases in accounts receivable and&#13;inventory of $131 and $379

 2016 and&#13;December 27
 2014
 $6 and $2 was used in financing activities

 due to the net loss and cash used in&#13;operations for the year ended January 2
 2016 in order to provide the Company with additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
&#13;David Mintz
 the Company&amp;#146;s Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided it with a loan of $500
000 which is due on December 31
&#13;2017. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in&#13;whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. The loan is convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at a conversion&#13;price of $4.01 per share

 such as unforeseen cost and expenses
 economic environment
 increased&#13;competition
 and other factors beyond the Company&amp;#146;s control. Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will operate&#13;profitably in the future
 or that it will not require significant additional financing in order to accomplish or exceed the objectives&#13;of its business plan. Consequently
 the Company&amp;#146;s historical operating results cannot be relied on to be an indicator of&#13;future performance


 the development

 its&#13;goal is to focus on non-dairy foods. The Company&amp;#146;s chief operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but does&#13;not track more granular operating results by product group as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As a result
&#13;the Company has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing of soy-based
&#13;non-dairy frozen desserts

 2016 and the fifty-two week fiscal period ended on December 27

 sales promotion accruals

 manufacturers&amp;#146; charge-backs
 co-operative advertising programs and other&#13;programs are recorded as reductions of revenues and are provided for at the time of initial sale of product. Freight charged to&#13;customers is included in revenues



 2016 and December 27
 2014
 the Company derived approximately 83% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in both&#13;periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of one customer represented approximately 9% of total&#13;accounts receivable at January 2
 2016
 and one customer represented 16% of total accounts receivable at December 27
 2014. In&#13;addition
 a significant portion of the Company&amp;#146;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies&#13;with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 44% and 43% of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;net sales for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27

 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable are&#13;most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. Accounts&#13;outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company determines its allowance by considering&#13;a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
 the Company&amp;#146;s previous loss history
&#13;the customer&amp;#146;s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the condition of the general economy and the industry&#13;as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible


 a new

 2016 and December 27
 2014


 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Compensation&#13;&amp;#150; Stock Compensation&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;. Under ASC 718

 2016 and December 27
 2014
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares and 0 shares
 respectively


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Net loss
 numerator

154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5

 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5

 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable

 2016&#13;and December 27
 2014

 2016 and December 27
 2014

 2016 and December 27
 2014

 the FASB issued guidance which amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting
 including&#13;requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. This Accounting&#13;Standards Update
 or ASU
 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018 including interim periods within&#13;those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The new leases standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach&#13;for all leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the date of initial application

 the FASB issued guidance&#13;that eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and non-current&#13;in a classified balance sheet. Instead
 organizations will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent.&#13;The amendments apply to all organizations that present a classified balance sheet. This amendment is effective for the Company&#13;for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued guidance&#13;which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable&#13;value. ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable value as estimated selling pricings in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably&#13;predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years

 the FASB issued an accounting&#13;standards update which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. The update applies to all companies&#13;that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services and is effective for public companies for interim and annual&#13;reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Early application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning&#13;after December 15
 2016

 2014
 the FASB issued guidance&#13;that requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s&#13;ability to continue as a going concern. If such conditions or events exist
 disclosures are required that enable users of the&#13;financial statements to understand the nature of the conditions or events
 management&amp;#146;s evaluation of the circumstances&#13;and management&amp;#146;s plans to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity&amp;#146;s ability&#13;to continue as a going concern. The Company will be required to perform an annual assessment of its ability to continue as a going&#13;concern when this standard becomes effective for it for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within&#13;annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016; however
 the adoption of this guidance is not expected to impact the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;financial position


 the development


 its&#13;goal is to focus on non-dairy foods. The Company&amp;#146;s chief operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but&#13;does not track more granular operating results by product group as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As&#13;a result
 the Company has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing&#13;of soy-based
 non-dairy frozen desserts


 2016 and the fifty-two week fiscal period ended on December 27


 sales promotion accruals


 manufacturers&amp;#146; charge-backs
 co-operative advertising programs&#13;and other programs are recorded as reductions of revenues and are provided for at the time of initial sale of product. Freight&#13;charged to customers is included in revenues




 2016 and December 27
 2014
 the Company derived approximately 83% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in both&#13;periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of one customer represented approximately 9% of total&#13;accounts receivable at January 2
 2016
 and one customer represented 16% of total accounts receivable at December 27
 2014. In&#13;addition
 a significant portion of the Company&amp;#146;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies&#13;with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 44% and 43% of the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s net sales for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27


 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable&#13;are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts.&#13;Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company determines its allowance by&#13;considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
 the Company&amp;#146;s previous&#13;loss history
 the customer&amp;#146;s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the condition of the general economy&#13;and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible



    

 a new

 2016 and December 27
 2014




 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Compensation&#13;&amp;#150; Stock Compensation&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;. Under ASC 718


 2016 and December 27
 2014
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares and 0 shares
 respectively


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Net loss
 numerator

154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5

 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5


 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable


 2016&#13;and December 27
 2014


 2016 and December 27
 2014


 2016 and December 27
 2014


 the FASB issued guidance which amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting
 including&#13;requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. This Accounting&#13;Standards Update
 or ASU
 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018 including interim periods within&#13;those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The new leases standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach&#13;for all leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the date of initial application

 the FASB issued guidance&#13;that eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and non-current&#13;in a classified balance sheet. Instead
 organizations will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent.&#13;The amendments apply to all organizations that present a classified balance sheet. This amendment is effective for the Company&#13;for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued guidance&#13;which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable&#13;value. ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable value as estimated selling pricings in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably&#13;predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years

 the FASB issued an accounting&#13;standards update which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. The update applies to all companies&#13;that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services and is effective for public companies for interim and annual&#13;reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Early application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning&#13;after December 15
 2016

 2014
 the FASB issued guidance&#13;that requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s&#13;ability to continue as a going concern. If such conditions or events exist
 disclosures are required that enable users of the&#13;financial statements to understand the nature of the conditions or events
 management&amp;#146;s evaluation of the circumstances&#13;and management&amp;#146;s plans to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity&amp;#146;s ability&#13;to continue as a going concern. The Company will be required to perform an annual assessment of its ability to continue as a going&#13;concern when this standard becomes effective for it for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within&#13;annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016; however
 the adoption of this guidance is not expected to impact the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;financial position



 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Net loss
 numerator

154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5

 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27






 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27






 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 27


 2016 and December 27
 2014 was $6 and $2


 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 27



 2014
 the shareholders of&#13;the Company approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#147;2014 Plan&amp;#148;). The 2014 Plan provides for grants of various&#13;types of awards that are designed to attract and retain highly qualified personnel who will contribute to the success of the Company&#13;and to provide incentives to participants in the 2014 Plan that are linked directly to increases in shareholder value which will&#13;therefore inure to the benefit of all shareholders of the Company. The Company intends to rely on a combination of multi-year performance&#13;awards
 options and other stock-based awards for these purposes. The 2014 Plan made 250
000 shares of Common Stock available for&#13;awards. The 2014 Plan also permits performance-based 2014 awards paid under it to be tax deductible under Section 162(m) of the&#13;Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 as &amp;#147;performance-based compensation.&amp;#148; As of January 2
 2016
 the Company&#13;has issued 80

 2014 to January 2



 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;80

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;26




 80
000 options were&#13;granted
&lt;font style=color: #1A1A1A&gt; with 26
668 of the options vesting at the respective grant date
 26
666 vesting in January&#13;2016
 and 26
666 vesting in January 2017.&lt;/font&gt; At the date of grant
 expected volatility was 69.8%-71.4%
 a risk-free rate of&#13;1.3%-1.8%
 0% expected dividends

 2016
 the intrinsic&#13;value of the options outstanding and exercisable was immaterial. As of January 2
 2016
 there was approximately $94 of total unrecognized&#13;compensation cost that will be recognized through January 2
 2017 related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements&#13;granted under the Plan. For the fiscal year ended January 2


 2014 to January 2



 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;80

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;26






 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses its administrative offices
 a warehouse
&#13;walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen. The Company&amp;#146;s original lease agreement&#13;expired on July 1
 1999
 but it continues to occupy the premises on a monthly basis. Any changes by either the landlord or the&#13;Company remains subject to a six month notification period. The Company currently has no plans to enter into a long-term lease&#13;agreement for the facility. Rent expense was $82 in 2015 and $80 in 2014. The Company&amp;#146;s management believes that the Cranford&#13;facility will continue to satisfy its space requirements for the foreseeable future and that if necessary


 2016 and December 27

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27

 2016 and December 27

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27


 2016 and December 27

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27

 2016
 the Company has&#13;$1
860 of federal net operating loss carryforwards and $2
664 of state net operating loss carryforwards



 2016 and December 27




 2016 and December 27
 2014



 2016 and December 27

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27


 2016 and December 27

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27



 2016 and December 27

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27


 2016 and December 27




    
    
    


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27




 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27





 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27






 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27



311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;9




 2016
 the Company entered into&#13;a loan agreement with David Mintz
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 evidenced by&#13;a promissory note
 whereby Mr. Mintz agreed to loan the Company $500 until December 31
 2017. The loan will bear interest at 5%&#13;per annum commencing March 31


 as defined in the&#13;promissory note
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire&#13;principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all other obligations of the Company under the loan
 will be immediately due&#13;and payable


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27





 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 27



311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;9



    























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      










      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Goods



      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      







 net of reserve of $0 and $150



      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



000 shares




000
000 shares
 issued and outstanding 5
153
706 shares at January 2
 2016 and December 27



      


      


      


      


      






      






























      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      





      


      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      





      


      


      




      





      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      

      

      

      





      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      





      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      


 Extraordinary Items





      

      

      

      

      

      














 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable








      




      















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jan. 02
 2016
Mar. 29
 2016
Jun. 27
 2015








































  2016



































































480
860



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



153
706
































































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014
















Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and sales promotions of $316 and $275 respectively

783


914



Inventories
 net of reserve of $0 and $150
 respectively

473


852



















486


283



Fixed assets (net of accumulated depreciation of $8 and $2
 respectively)















523


326



















117


367



















483


750












499


772

















Preferred stock - par value $.01 per share; authorized 100
000 shares
 none issued






Common stock - par value $.01 per share; authorized 15
000
000 shares
 issued and outstanding 5
153
706 shares at January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014















859


502





024


554





523


326




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of deferred costs capitalized at the end of the reporting period that are expected to be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP
 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Current portion of the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date due within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer
 on all notes payable to banks paid on an installment with long term maturities. This can include the amount of any loans from the applicant firm. This does not
 however
 include any mortgage balances.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)(1)
20)



























The total amount due within more than 12 month
 or the operating cycle if longer
 on all notes payable to banks paid on an installment. This can include the amount of any loans from the applicant firm. This does not
 however
 include any mortgage balances.
 -Paragraph 19
 22



























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014
















Inventories
 reserves













Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

153
706


153
706



Common stock
 shares outstanding

153
706


153
706







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
















































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014











764


353





166


103





598


250












550


472



















888


815





318


481















































154


154











































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations
 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































Expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Balance at Dec. 28
 2013





665


717



Balance
 shares at Dec. 28
 2013

153
706




















Balance at Dec. 27
 2014





502


554



Balance
 shares at Dec. 27
 2014

153
706































Balance at Jan. 02
 2016





859


024



Balance
 shares at Jan. 02
 2016

153
706













This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014







































































































































CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 AT BEGINNING OF YEAR






CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 AT END OF YEAR






































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.





















































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period
 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.


















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016











 2016
 Tofutti Brands
 Inc. (the
&#147;Company&#148;) had approximately $55 in cash compared to $341 at December 27
 2014. Net cash used in operating activities
for the year ended January 2
 2016 was $280 compared to $129 provided by operating activities for the year ended December 27
 2014.
Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended January 2
 2016 was primarily the result of our net loss of $643 and a
decrease of $184 in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 which were partially offset by decreases in accounts receivable and
inventory of $131 and $379
 respectively.


 2016 and
December 27
 2014
 $6 and $2 was used in financing activities
 respectively.


and met capital requirements primarily through positive cash flow from operations. However
 due to the net loss and cash used in
operations for the year ended January 2
 2016 in order to provide the Company with additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
David Mintz
 the Company&#146;s Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided it with a loan of $500
000 which is due on December 31
2017. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in
whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. The loan is convertible into the Company&#146;s common stock at a conversion
price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of its common stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was entered into.


new products may be adversely affected by a number of factors
 such as unforeseen cost and expenses
 economic environment
 increased
competition
 and other factors beyond the Company&#146;s control. Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will operate
profitably in the future
 or that it will not require significant additional financing in order to accomplish or exceed the objectives
of its business plan. Consequently
 the Company&#146;s historical operating results cannot be relied on to be an indicator of
future performance
 and management cannot predict whether the Company will obtain or sustain positive operating cash flow or generate
net income in the future.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016








NOTE 2: DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 - Tofutti
Brands Inc. (&#147;Tofutti&#148; or the &#147;Company&#148;) is engaged in one business segment
 the development
 production
and marketing of non-dairy frozen desserts and other food products.

 The Company
reports on operating segments in accordance with standards for public companies to report information about operating segments
and geographic distribution of sales in financial statements. While the Company has multiple products and or product groups
 its
goal is to focus on non-dairy foods. The Company&#146;s chief operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but does
not track more granular operating results by product group as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As a result
the Company has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing of soy-based
non-dairy frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy-based cheese products.

 - The Company operates
on a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31st. Fiscal years for the financial statements included herein are
the fifty-three week period fiscal ended January 2
 2016 and the fifty-two week fiscal period ended on December 27
 2014.&#160;

 -
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Significant estimates include allowance for doubtful accounts
 sales promotion accruals
 inventory
reserves and reserves for uncertain tax positions. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

 - Revenue
is recognized when goods are shipped from production facilities or outside warehouses to customers. Revenue is recognized when
the following four criteria under ASC 605 have been met: the product has been shipped and the Company has no significant remaining
obligations; persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and collection is probable.
Deductions from sales for promotional programs
 manufacturers&#146; charge-backs
 co-operative advertising programs and other
programs are recorded as reductions of revenues and are provided for at the time of initial sale of product. Freight charged to
customers is included in revenues
 and has generally been insignificant.


- Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and unsecured
trade receivables. During the year
 the Company&#146;s cash balance at its financial institution exceeded the FDIC limit of $250.


of its customers&#146; financial condition and does not require collateral. Management feels that credit risk beyond the established
allowances at January 2
 2016 is limited.


2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 the Company derived approximately 83% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in both
periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of one customer represented approximately 9% of total
accounts receivable at January 2
 2016
 and one customer represented 16% of total accounts receivable at December 27
 2014. In
addition
 a significant portion of the Company&#146;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies
with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 44% and 43% of the Company&#146;s
net sales for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014.

The majority
of the Company&#146;s accounts receivables are due from distributors (domestic and international) and retailers. Credit is extended
based on evaluation of a customers&#146; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable are
most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. Accounts
outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company determines its allowance by considering
a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
 the Company&#146;s previous loss history
the customer&#146;s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the condition of the general economy and the industry
as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible
 and payments subsequently received on such
receivables are credited to the bad debt expense. The Company does not accrue interest on accounts receivable past due.


- Deferred revenue represents amounts from sales of the Company&#146;s product that have been billed and shipped
 but for which
the transactions have not met its revenue recognition criteria. The cost of the related product has been recorded as deferred costs
on its balance sheet.&#160;

 - The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

- Inventory is stated
at lower of cost or market determined by first in first out (FIFO) method. Inventories in excess of future demand are written down
and charged to the provision for inventories. At the point of which loss is recognized
 a new
 lower cost basis for that inventory
is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in the newly established
cost basis.


24% and 26% of its finished products from one supplier and 29% and 28% of its finished products from another supplier during the
periods ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 respectively.

 - Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded if there is uncertainty as to the realization of deferred tax assets.
The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&#146;s assessment
is that the position is &#147;more likely than not&#148; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax
jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term &#147;tax position&#148; refers to a position in
a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring current
or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.

- The
Company accounts for stock-based awards to employees and directors in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718

&#150; Stock Compensation&#148;
share-based awards are valued at fair value on the date of grant and that
fair value is recognized over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. The Company values its stock option using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model.

- Basic earnings
per common share has been computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. For the fiscal
years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares and 0 shares
 respectively
 were excluded
from diluted earnings per share calculations since the effect was anti-dilutive due to overall net loss position.



    
    
    


 2016
    
    
    


 2014
    

Net loss
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



- The fair value of financial instruments
 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
and accrued expenses are stated at their carrying values. The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short-term
nature of those instruments.

- Freight costs
to ship inventory to customers and to outside warehouses amounted to $857 and $959 during the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016
and December 27
 2014
 respectively. Such costs are included in costs of goods sold.

 - The Company
expenses advertising costs as they are incurred. Advertising expenses amounted to $236 and $265 during the fiscal years ended January
2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 respectively.

Costs
of new product development and product redesign are charged to expense as incurred. Product development costs amounted to $523
and $641 during the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 respectively.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements
- 
 the FASB issued guidance which amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting
 including
requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. This Accounting
Standards Update
 or ASU
 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018 including interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The new leases standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach
for all leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the date of initial application
 with an option to use certain transition relief.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new leases standard on its financial statements.


 the FASB issued guidance
that eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and non-current
in a classified balance sheet. Instead
 organizations will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent.
The amendments apply to all organizations that present a classified balance sheet. This amendment is effective for the Company
for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods.
The Company has not yet adopted this guidance but does not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on
its financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued guidance
which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable
value. ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable value as estimated selling pricings in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably
predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted.
The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued an accounting
standards update which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. The update applies to all companies
that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services and is effective for public companies for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Early application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating
the requirements of this update and has not yet determined its impact on its financial statements.&#160;


 2014
 the FASB issued guidance
that requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s
ability to continue as a going concern. If such conditions or events exist
 disclosures are required that enable users of the
financial statements to understand the nature of the conditions or events
 management&#146;s evaluation of the circumstances
and management&#146;s plans to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity&#146;s ability
to continue as a going concern. The Company will be required to perform an annual assessment of its ability to continue as a going
concern when this standard becomes effective for it for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within
annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016; however
 the adoption of this guidance is not expected to impact the Company&#146;s
financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.



































The entire disclosure for the business description and accounting policies concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity. Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016














    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
1
007
    
    
    
1
290
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
473
    
    
    
1
852
    





































The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]













    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014 was $6 and $2
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]









 2014
 the shareholders of
the Company approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#147;2014 Plan&#148;). The 2014 Plan provides for grants of various
types of awards that are designed to attract and retain highly qualified personnel who will contribute to the success of the Company
and to provide incentives to participants in the 2014 Plan that are linked directly to increases in shareholder value which will
therefore inure to the benefit of all shareholders of the Company. The Company intends to rely on a combination of multi-year performance
awards
 options and other stock-based awards for these purposes. The 2014 Plan made 250
000 shares of Common Stock available for
awards. The 2014 Plan also permits performance-based 2014 awards paid under it to be tax deductible under Section 162(m) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 as &#147;performance-based compensation.&#148; As of January 2
 2016
 the Company
has issued 80
000 non-qualified stock option awards under the 2014 Plan.&#160;


option activity from December 27
 2014 to January 2
 2016:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

Outstanding at December 27
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at January 2
 2016
    
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at January 2
 2016
    
    
    
26
668
    
    
    
    
    



outstanding at January 2
 2016:



    

    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
668
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing formula. Expected volatilities and risk-free interest
rates are based upon the expected life of the grant. The interest rates used are the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the
time of the grant.


 80
000 options were
granted

668 of the options vesting at the respective grant date
 26
666 vesting in January
2016
 and 26

 expected volatility was 69.8%-71.4%
 a risk-free rate of
1.3%-1.8%
 0% expected dividends
 and an expected term of five year.


 2016
 the intrinsic
value of the options outstanding and exercisable was immaterial. As of January 2
 2016
 there was approximately $94 of total unrecognized
compensation cost that will be recognized through January 2
 2017 related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements
granted under the Plan. For the fiscal year ended January 2
 2016 stock compensation expense was $113.







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016











in a one-story facility in Cranford
 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses its administrative offices
 a warehouse
walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen. The Company&#146;s original lease agreement
expired on July 1
 1999
 but it continues to occupy the premises on a monthly basis. Any changes by either the landlord or the
Company remains subject to a six month notification period. The Company currently has no plans to enter into a long-term lease
agreement for the facility. Rent expense was $82 in 2015 and $80 in 2014. The Company&#146;s management believes that the Cranford
facility will continue to satisfy its space requirements for the foreseeable future and that if necessary
 such space can be replaced
without a significant impact to the business.



































The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016











for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014 are as follows:



    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



federal tax expense at the statutory tax rate of 34% and the Company&#146;s actual tax expense for the fiscal years ended January
2
 2016 and December 27
 2014 follows:



    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014 consist of the following components:



    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2016
 the Company has
$1
860 of federal net operating loss carryforwards and $2
664 of state net operating loss carryforwards
 which will begin to expire
in 2032.


upon all available evidence it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be utilized. The Company has recorded
an increase in the valuation allowance in the amount of $253 during the year ended January 2
 2016. The remaining deferred tax
asset is offset by the federal unrecorded tax benefit.


in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&#146;s assessment is that the position is &#147;more
likely than not&#148; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical
merits of the position. The term &#147;tax position&#148; refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position
expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes.&#160;


to the Company&#146;s uncertain tax positions for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014:



Balance at December 28
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 27
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at January 2
 2016
    
    
    
    



interest related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for income taxes. The Company had approximately $2 and $32
of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions at January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 respectively. The
amount of uncertain tax positions that would affect the effective tax rate if they were recognized is $119.


 2016 for
uncertain tax positions is included in accrued expenses. The Company&#146;s federal and state tax returns are open to examination
for the years 2012 to 2015.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016











 the Company obtained
an auto loan of approximately $29 from a bank. The loan requires 60 monthly payments of $0.535 through August 2019. Interest is
charged at a fixed nominal rate of 4.64%. The loan is collateralized by the underlying automobile.



    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable
 net of current maturity
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



this loan as of January 2
 2016 are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016











thousands):



    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
318
    
    
    
12
781
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
764
    
    
    
14
353
    



revenue in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 is attributable to the United States. All of the Company&#146;s assets are located in the
United States.


category (in thousands):



    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
3
866
    
    
    
4
386
    

    
    
    
9
311
    
    
    
9
446
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
764
    
    
    
14
353
    





































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016











 2016
 the Company entered into
a loan agreement with David Mintz
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 evidenced by
a promissory note
 whereby Mr. Mintz agreed to loan the Company $500 until December 31
 2017. The loan will bear interest at 5%
per annum commencing March 31
 2016 on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any
time without premium or penalty.


Company&#146;s Common Stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s Common Stock on
the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was entered into.


 as defined in the
promissory note
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire
principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all other obligations of the Company under the loan
 will be immediately due
and payable
 and Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies available to him.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016








 - Tofutti
Brands Inc. (&#147;Tofutti&#148; or the &#147;Company&#148;) is engaged in one business segment
 the development
 production
and marketing of non-dairy frozen desserts and other food products.





 The Company
reports on operating segments in accordance with standards for public companies to report information about operating segments
and geographic distribution of sales in financial statements. While the Company has multiple products and or product groups
 its
goal is to focus on non-dairy foods. The Company&#146;s chief operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but
does not track more granular operating results by product group as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As
a result
 the Company has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing
of soy-based
 non-dairy frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy-based cheese products.





 - The Company operates
on a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31st. Fiscal years for the financial statements included herein are
the fifty-three week period fiscal ended January 2
 2016 and the fifty-two week fiscal period ended on December 27
 2014.&#160;






- The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include allowance for doubtful accounts
 sales promotion accruals
inventory reserves and reserves for uncertain tax positions. Actual results could differ from those estimates.





 - Revenue
is recognized when goods are shipped from production facilities or outside warehouses to customers. Revenue is recognized when
the following four criteria under ASC 605 have been met: the product has been shipped and the Company has no significant remaining
obligations; persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and collection is
probable. Deductions from sales for promotional programs
 manufacturers&#146; charge-backs
 co-operative advertising programs
and other programs are recorded as reductions of revenues and are provided for at the time of initial sale of product. Freight
charged to customers is included in revenues
 and has generally been insignificant.






- Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and unsecured
trade receivables. During the year
 the Company&#146;s cash balance at its financial institution exceeded the FDIC limit of $250.


of its customers&#146; financial condition and does not require collateral. Management feels that credit risk beyond the established
allowances at January 2
 2016 is limited.


2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 the Company derived approximately 83% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in both
periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of one customer represented approximately 9% of total
accounts receivable at January 2
 2016
 and one customer represented 16% of total accounts receivable at December 27
 2014. In
addition
 a significant portion of the Company&#146;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies
with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 44% and 43% of the
Company&#146;s net sales for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014.





The majority
of the Company&#146;s accounts receivables are due from distributors (domestic and international) and retailers. Credit is extended
based on evaluation of a customers&#146; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable
are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts.
Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company determines its allowance by
considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
 the Company&#146;s previous
loss history
 the customer&#146;s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the condition of the general economy
and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible
 and payments subsequently
received on such receivables are credited to the bad debt expense. The Company does not accrue interest on accounts receivable
past due.





Deferred Revenue and Deferred Costs

 but for
which the transactions have not met its revenue recognition criteria. The cost of the related product has been recorded as deferred
costs on its balance sheet.&#160;





 -
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.





- Inventory is stated
at lower of cost or market determined by first in first out (FIFO) method. Inventories in excess of future demand are written down
and charged to the provision for inventories. At the point of which loss is recognized
 a new
 lower cost basis for that inventory
is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in the newly established
cost basis.


24% and 26% of its finished products from one supplier and 29% and 28% of its finished products from another supplier during the
periods ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 respectively.





 - Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to
be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in
the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded if there is uncertainty as to the realization of
deferred tax assets. The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if
management&#146;s assessment is that the position is &#147;more likely than not&#148; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent)
to be allowed by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term &#147;tax position&#148;
refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected
in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.





- The
Company accounts for stock-based awards to employees and directors in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718

&#150; Stock Compensation&#148;
share-based awards are valued at fair value on the date of grant and that
fair value is recognized over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. The Company values its stock option using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model.





- Basic earnings
per common share has been computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. For the fiscal
years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares and 0 shares
 respectively
 were excluded
from diluted earnings per share calculations since the effect was anti-dilutive due to overall net loss position.



    
    
    


 2016
    
    
    


 2014
    

Net loss
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







Fair Value of Financial Instruments

 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts
payable and accrued expenses are stated at their carrying values. The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short-term
nature of those instruments.





- Freight costs
to ship inventory to customers and to outside warehouses amounted to $857 and $959 during the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016
and December 27
 2014
 respectively. Such costs are included in costs of goods sold.





 - The Company
expenses advertising costs as they are incurred. Advertising expenses amounted to $236 and $265 during the fiscal years ended
January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 respectively.





Costs
of new product development and product redesign are charged to expense as incurred. Product development costs amounted to $523
and $641 during the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014
 respectively.





Recent Accounting Pronouncements
- 
 the FASB issued guidance which amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting
 including
requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. This Accounting
Standards Update
 or ASU
 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018 including interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The new leases standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach
for all leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the date of initial application
 with an option to use certain transition relief.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new leases standard on its financial statements.


 the FASB issued guidance
that eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and non-current
in a classified balance sheet. Instead
 organizations will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent.
The amendments apply to all organizations that present a classified balance sheet. This amendment is effective for the Company
for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods.
The Company has not yet adopted this guidance but does not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on
its financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued guidance
which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable
value. ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable value as estimated selling pricings in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably
predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted.
The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued an accounting
standards update which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. The update applies to all companies
that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services and is effective for public companies for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Early application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating
the requirements of this update and has not yet determined its impact on its financial statements.&#160;


 2014
 the FASB issued guidance
that requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s
ability to continue as a going concern. If such conditions or events exist
 disclosures are required that enable users of the
financial statements to understand the nature of the conditions or events
 management&#146;s evaluation of the circumstances
and management&#146;s plans to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity&#146;s ability
to continue as a going concern. The Company will be required to perform an annual assessment of its ability to continue as a going
concern when this standard becomes effective for it for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within
annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016; however
 the adoption of this guidance is not expected to impact the Company&#146;s
financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for determining an entity's fiscal year or other fiscal period. This disclosure may include identification of the fiscal period end-date
 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016











    
    
    


 2016
    
    
    


 2014
    

Net loss
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016












    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
1
007
    
    
    
1
290
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
473
    
    
    
1
852
    





































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
 -Subparagraph a
b
c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]










    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]







option activity from December 27
 2014 to January 2
 2016:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

Outstanding at December 27
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at January 2
 2016
    
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at January 2
 2016
    
    
    
26
668
    
    
    
    
    








outstanding at January 2
 2016:



    

    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
668
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016









for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014 are as follows:



    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








federal tax expense at the statutory tax rate of 34% and the Company&#146;s actual tax expense for the fiscal years ended January
2
 2016 and December 27
 2014 follows:



    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014 consist of the following components:



    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








to the Company&#146;s uncertain tax positions for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2016 and December 27
 2014:



Balance at December 28
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 27
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at January 2
 2016
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016









automobile.



    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable
 net of current maturity
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








this loan as of January 2
 2016 are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2016









thousands):



    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
318
    
    
    
12
781
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
764
    
    
    
14
353
    








category (in thousands):



    
    
January 2
 2016
    
    
December 27
 2014
    

    
    
    
3
866
    
    
    
4
386
    

    
    
    
9
311
    
    
    
9
446
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
764
    
    
    
14
353
    












































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014
Dec. 28
 2013

































































David Mintz [Member] | January 6
 2016 [Member]










000









  2017









  2016























































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date the debt instrument was issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




























Dec. 27
 2014













Cash
 FDIC insured amount

























000








































Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member] | Geographic Concentration Risk [Member]





















Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member] | Distributors As Group Member



























































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.






















































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Cost of freight-in
 whether based on weight
 negotiated freight rates and method of transportation (that is
 rail
 barge
 truck
 and so forth).

























































Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands



Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014


















154


154










Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation

154


154




































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014











007


290










Inventories
 net

473


852



































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014


Fixed assets
 gross













Fixed assets
 net













Fixed assets
 gross










Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014
Jun. 10
 2014













000









000











































Share-based Compensation Award
 Tranche One [Member]



















668







Share-based Compensation Award
 Tranche Two [Member]



















666







Share-based Compensation Award
 Tranche Three [Member]



















666







































































































000























000








































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.

























































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.

























































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.




























As of the balance sheet date
 the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.




























Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]











000










000





668



















































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.




















































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
















000















668




















































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































200







  1999









































































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014




to expire in 2032





Federal tax expense
 statutory tax rate











































860














664
































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.

























































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014

























































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014
















State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit



































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)

























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014





















































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014





































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





























Note payable
 principle amount

















Note payable
 principle amount










































































































Description of the frequency of periodic payments (monthly
 quarterly
 annual).




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 the carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable to banks
 excluding mortgage notes
 initially due beyond one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014























Note payable
 net of current maturity






































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 the carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable to banks
 excluding mortgage notes
 initially due beyond one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



























Current portion of the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date due within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer
 on all notes payable to banks paid on an installment with long term maturities. This can include the amount of any loans from the applicant firm. This does not
 however
 include any mortgage balances.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)(1)
20)



























The total amount due within more than 12 month
 or the operating cycle if longer
 on all notes payable to banks paid on an installment. This can include the amount of any loans from the applicant firm. This does not
 however
 include any mortgage balances.
 -Paragraph 19
 22








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






































































Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014




















For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014











764


353



















318


781






































































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 27
 2014











764


353



















866


386



















311


446

























































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands















  2017










  2016








Loan payable interest rate
 maximum





































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Maximum contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date the debt instrument was issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22

























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

M+GAM;
V9RT[#
A&^7BE3&K!5AT;A/61EUEG_V,8G?5A)8HFJX
M\:FCL
U_K;PZ7]!




L5R*V.V:SGVL7.U49V[M
41Y26










@9Y'H-(C;0KOYECBJ8

Q8\AC[%\D

M(^2H?\8

!!2UYWQ@SS(\5Y1D[


NW5 9.
M#2=



M+-5D/[18@?W(8BD.A-]7DU:[?K^WOM17N]4Y@5-=U6*%SMF8IF*0D@9$SW:.
%M8\Z'$4]=_3^9U+0
NO2'U4-=^'[^NDU*X0E@/




M?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M@6XP&U@@?\YOI^1.6HCA5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZ
MG5C.=GSVQ.V?C


M6.XYB1'^QL4$UFG2&98T1G*=D 4. #?$T4Q0?*]!MHK@PI+27)#6SRFU4!H(



*$IY&V[I4_5*E=?EK[DHN#Q;Y.FO
MH70^+
_Y/%_GM
T+




5O& RN0HGQ





M^FZ3.TA



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*
M0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+A=OB5


)%K/]8UA[Y




M
0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:


M+^Y!YD&L(1@CZ4BV1SY(5&]PYWJ+[#7%:<4OK3DOZGI

MIC2O'W&S.;J8HB

MRW&!6JJ^D;U0]C&D_W%R _T6LW4L1PLK_BG+3LVBJ8/FV2GU!+ P04


AE/

MN@N

M7=QT9DKU\)_2\KMJ+*]6N595U8]R-_I!] ;S\PK%:&7N/6CYYM958AY-QP2\



M&



8W(AZC2N-0 BGA
M5
A=IJWI<RIKKN^^U&I$866Q2'-NHT1WSKWY[UPQ?'B1\'B

4VIH$;!WL0\D$46AK$K!UT!+Z]@(*

MO JBQLDQC?VPWW\**+0Z7&A]V&9GW$ALU. V;[* B+5@OTC404.IX&'!]$
M+3'MJ??9#]B^;_F'
_


2YX;6R-5MN2FR 8



%K-NR262V*XK)S+
!$0S#ND
MED-J\J'38@)!\Q:999&9?.=FV4X@W;+RK)8F?S8:3&!)/,6$-BI Z9ZL[=
M!)



YR.6284MN^@'QAG9$';1EPWN

_8#WB1=_A?F)VJ5KN':B0)[4^I,^4B*G 9[DOU?*

K5I4'G7@__I/5S?_%CM_+#GD$5

YW[;&C#7UO

DG
KH I@*


MMSD2BR/!' N2(T%]1#PA%R_%(0Z)PT]F89$L$ D/29(%Z@3H3$B\C8%VW]
MA)B#[&0S9:9IIR=D+C-/\D&$#)


M&98BIZ4X94926HHSD7D.6XH
6Y'35F2&\1@C/9&:J2AV^;[98F38C)PV(\/6



M







G(@

#'_L3Q
M)]J_-'X'L3-)&$EN$&'FT^QM39RGCSF6#L?2YDB\'$:2:0GP4M@*F(+'%*E#
MD=H42R]%:F6Z\E+8BB=F-'
8
ILA]2ZK3Q+_A!C)R@S6 CRQ

MD=OC#=3/RS(CFZ19.30KFV;E'15;DOJ_M@G))

MO4+P2:AB+LO



!#]%89[ I)

8[Z
--.KL44HI&'-UK3
MKILBR<R_3=/G!/1/C]'_ZK*E?)?&DYKUOUJ-V(OU<9AL*';YMB)9W;Z1DT-


Q!.%C@$^&1P-8



QM2
DRM/

NZ2;X@@NN8P+;




F =



I+8)UGW)(E/LNE)L$^R[4G23A(I#\+&K@UI\8/^FG






M+W-H965T-BYX;6R-ETUSFS 0AO\*PST!K?ARQO9




#8 J :P+O@S@4P#_ A4I2.9JNM;WN7K92//
M3GO






 T^+


JAOT2@VQBY

M2%


<UKO?<POW




MYYB?%TW8R9XJ


&ULC5/;
M3N

MM@(U

MUAYN@HA7)MZ;C6'L/F7WY6*9%6P?A$XPVX3)$V9&
*_^;8G\M
0V/Z+GO].7








M/7W



M_P-02P

M+W-H965T

P$/T5RQ^ TS0L;)5&HJQ6\+ 2XH%]=I-)8F%[



&<XY<\:78D1S

M\_BD_C-.Z]WON84=RK^B=ITWFU!20\






$%     @ 9XB!2*( E?^@ 0  L0



M 1$!?P1


[[/)[).[PJ!][!;VXZ
MH2TYH/

$
M%     @ 9XB!2+VEJ&B? 0  L0

M^9 5VPB27

M4]


\X

J[_;



V=\*4:TSZX#\.1%*^-V




M'X2#.U3_9.V[8#:CI(9&#

MEJO-NF#'*'2!V4\8/F$6! OJ'[;@ERWV_(S.OZ:OKQRN$WT].\R_%LBO!/(D









M %E8!DLGQ-:L'D
R 
FF!EGLA/@T7D@.(+EE@)P0G\8+60+(TC+ 3HA/XX6L
M &1E&21.B*U)'T-0#!
46Q8+=X1L43:#\R6IR+)PGV.OR
_!D(
M_=1]HK\
M')AKE$PMD/OKL479C,P@&']D93M-W1R?R,^!-PRXIV[TPE$
Y*#X6 K(3G
M[NP 43*# ^\!9(4\]_S??(_!UX%R


Q]F+JB<GA887
M0^RD%#=_]B!QWF6;[%1X%?W@0H'6%5UYK5@K4!-#'2[['&SW9<!$0&_!
SV


(
AP*J2+;Q&

M&[^D'JU#=:)0HOAG6H6.ZY3^%/E


##
KIJPLSU58+IX=2RI<=0N;=Y2
M76[G4SQ$]@6ORH%W\
I-)[0E!W3^9..AMH@.O(GL;D-)[]_/DDAH70@??&S2


!#]%8L/J('0-HT(4M-JM?M0

# UBU/:QM0OOW]870)(K4%SPSG'/FC_EA/K=] 6?$BAS#;IK1TV
ME)JZ!\G



M[3HAGPGY0EBGP7AL%&P^
\NJ4N-$S


ZY



\=]1

;T23/I!B0ZHC]=]'1P*45
M



M+R+KEBMT$=H

3F#@=0[DN#6G+K2MU2,VC@
M=2!)05F:?J.2]RHIB]![T66!HQ6]@A=-S@EU_\.('#:)UER;KSV;6=]@Y8%
M77AU+T&9'A71T.R3AVQWR#TB '[W


M
0/W9Y?M'%Q[$:=


K7/X*RO]02P
$%     @ 9XB!2'#4_=:C


MNB4=KVD7


MF(-VN*
-U__![L(%;6^4




H.'CCM5O@A1TI: EA?SIT@9-.&3 358
YBJ/.

J_X!4$L#!!0    (
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(V+GAM
M;(V6T9*:
!2&7X7A 18:#SE3=3GO1F9V]:*^C1F46"51MF_?)*;9+
:




UO*7V3@Y_[
M11A+#Z0F.RY#8'&XD#6I:QE)9/X[!?W(*87Z^37Z=U6NL+_%C*QI_:?:\Y-P

.&VNDC!H\/MXK%IU'
8[13S)W()D
M$B0W00+NM))D-X$*;PK@), ?F3([PK0)$ W 5 9HK%V-7,;S/&R[.D0L [+
M]PG,!=[+()R(*:+J:%Z(./5RS))XS*ZR$ &LQJ99&* BUF;3.)B-B:3NIAG


!1K?QZ8G ;A
@



4$   9

!B%7\7B 6+ 7-H1@Y10

/P.*C:GM&9*WCR_



19
MLZZ'1XG4F7
J7Q^ B7$?1


2 W4?NQH9^32AIAD

Y/G#\BY/
ML@H@+B9RB!+R-Z7X36Y7R0,\RU1M1#%W\//49(52K) 2391O9SFB3+-DGF

WT!/\H?+4]0H=A#:'UYW;
M1@@-)BJ\


MVVZC
!#]%8L/J
$D1(H(4D-5[3ZL5/5A]]F!X:+ZPMHF=/]^?2&$1%'[@CWC

V#/DDU0?N@
PZ)


M

O
OI!\PE;)U@

O-U


Z_+'*/X#

M:&5E=#
P+GAM;(V42X^;


99J_9!HW6WPU@=&^!$/8@.6O.F
M%I(3;8;RA%4G@53.Q!F.PS##G- V*'(W]RR+7)PUHRT\2Z3.G!/Y]PF8Z/=!
M%(P3+_34:#N!BQQ??17ETHJ6B2AW@=?HEV96843_*+0JTD?6?:#$*]V\*/:
M!Z%%  9';1.(:2Y0 F,VRS\9\A\7](:I_TQ_9NKUM ?B()2L-^TTHV!#0-4
M04W.3+^(_CL

M7T
R&)*% 7LR5]=7HDF12]$CU1&[V='.R*4-

M--

9(&1
M3#&VX2J&UV1.\^EQ%6

=(81K6*DDS7B54DYDVP_QM@L
#8SC#OJ

/V$(A3RXJ=#JJK 
(P




LKH?][V[.0O+Z&^%Y=O/7/LM'/2_]+%@YA]@ 8 N 60))/ ^@0

P=N.1#%[JGJAAWI]^]G7


+;\G





M)K\3XLTNOA\V$;0Y4$;WVEH0
USH
V7
.AGR[ZOI!]

M+-BOYJ!KDRV




L@YA\@L%9EN7W

4WB8+'ABQ8





M^P$  +

S+GAM;(V4VVZC
!&
M7\7B 6+*20B2$U75?=BI:H7N]=.


M2(/_7CWO2!



M
'QL$$]RC*U![/CQ^K%!


M8\IZ0EE[E'R6LAZ=6)1E63[!X-&M8B JVSPD.O!SJ]SU&7:'_O02V5MYEY=%
$!   -!0  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M=',O<VAE970S-YX;6R-5-N.FS 0_16+#UB((6P;$:0-5=4^5%KM0_OLP'#1



@_)Z!B
M/ :[X!IXZYI6VT89^',JSH&7'6(PGU

M^%X=@\BF !1*;16(&2Y0 *56R!C_GC1OEI9X/[^J?W75FNS/1$$AZ*^NTJU)







7[774*

M(3G19BO/0+62DJ



;?B_$F]U\



M0 






M!49@U


M%]KT6==B3T)H:N(E3^8;JLS\&S:
GK1=YF8M_43P&RW:VX ;IFSY%U!+ P04


A
MO!

*
'6P7R.2(


OL#$X6

M(%EW&V'3'




MKF?(%D5D.CXS@/EFW2!?&.3:()].(7




MD.U-=[8+I0))N/A9?KNMO'7F!487H::%G#/3B
&(C'M23EG&*I%KR
M

MX)/44@-5UQC0G20.OCWG/E^I#:Z\UOZ5U.MHC\B@6M&?O6-[!1L&( &M^A

$@*(W._:#&2?[I AGF]\0SX;X;HC2_QJ2
MV9L#-2F;J^((FJDK




_&XNLE9F/0==H

WB@.HOC#KDUKUL%^V7LC;9L0C(1@(OC)?PGA2 COA
AT:IV9OKYBB;.4

MXA3
Z





MT!BA



 G
@9

A+;XE
MQ 
A'@DH^I:0#(1D0HN%/LA]ECAJA2\![+#YG1$:PT71D0K UV]M$O[?=WN
MK8K3HH0W(^1AM@Z#'8+1PS4^K

0SYKXF-6R23$Q*3R!^7OD


3#L&J+]1V0N?OZPND!#'3
M%^QC]MZL \;E(-6;[@ 
^N!
Z'W4&=/O



SSW+X!6
+

;R9JDOI%LO\?(



M:&5E=#0R+GAM;)64VXZ;

J&H?*HWFH7UVPB%8XPMC


5/BQ#V]V\;UMO2&]-Z1C
M0QJ!Y/^4(


$@\P9%2! GQ3QF$!V#:.M%^6/&

[ZL
HK);Y4M&'AR@CIR@9]$


M970T


'TG.VCM22F5
M8

MGIM7.3S!6

L.R5


MP(SMA.G?UP]C$L5LL$/SCT^]Z#K2]Y3]L%+0H3WU=0M7_NE$-TJ/B^) WF


IU$90Y


MA L

$%     @ 9XB!

W




M0ZII 


MUF*@P8 !$2CUV2W@=(LM'-'AW :[



K72$ 9N.8HJ+H
MCCS I^

M[\ NC;3]8E@=[I%GJ'NAL[[5]XOID1\R1=[B
_F!^;EJA+=G4G5:TV1/C$FB


M


MP)@U

(]R)7YG6I:%E(



!30&#6MMI;N;2GTD?:-'?;ICIFBN_
=AO2(P%]C?V$^93]DOVG%.7KNZJ;E(:9Y&L]6/)-;EU*ES
MOQ2_2=.


_@UN7N3KA/NS]
EY]DJ?-/K= 9O5GX0??7M-VGP[3?9MR?Q+%_Q

]83NO7K-7+(C8]3+.4QB:?O
F^_:;-[B&

/.


<VCBXCC.XOUD)H];]!Y]@NOB,[2@$S8 $\A!88L[F'+3'+!: &$_E@H
M0_ZZNO!%M@2V<6\J !LZ/U,$$ ;^;1 &&:#0HH))G'&V]A_Q5G=G;H;7!#'

.=YG;&J*$7 /:1F##&!@YX\G*O5S#



Y3]+_^8__(G;*'BUL Q%*5*0X



MIN!M9VQFF0;8RL

[8O+WI8&Q]$L7G%6D&(]

MX@Z\XTV&L'+U[W_DP=T26=J_!X#O.&!*D*-%A]8]O?-3


MI'C
JB<00N







M=
L53^
\F3E



MA#







/Z!E%Z0I
BW9%LA1G) Z

MB

/ V:E\!8
MS1-R6K(EW%29M4+E\7-/Q#* #A^590SJ

 -7ET*%I0%8S@N0

07JW# &0%K





H-
M7&N-T)FS95(U\_Y '2VD!J


M(_IA/13W*
8\TR _(KMH
.*
=B=[@!^\*R4


RR38CC_KQ5
MV9]
)5A7X(M60D?/_




MB!  GF
!+4I C(]'(@0IKEBN+XU5=*O,'*%QL!+$+$OK+X:$41NK4W1XR!


M$;E6)*IN#W!ERNXYQTI)*EE XMQ
JD22P_P.;M-T7^MM E-:@:$@ (DS-R,
M!H$;Y9,++SU\(@QT(S*I5Q,_2#EY3$#OF+D0U6[,O\7H++ $42]Y.D;P4I1Q
MLD)3A.%&S!ESQ

M




MU=Y;=CK^M]$):.7IZ'K*2ET#7X*M80YZ-[[% J57K'=$__/@7_C_&?#8V_I6

M\L3/Z+C2#*7

MM)*1IP[4(46P (L0L/Z)'-JH0 D=3\
+;LY'LHZ!V+)09B6-4@4#W=)1DH4.






0O0,]YC%G7 :)+WC)H@1H[!#-G=SK#8I94+K
K8T/(_:CF

K0C
EB4G1WD7NRVV\12!$XK:P)Q\+6'0!FF(R)+BD@ 2;*(+


M%KNA* 6W4

MX$YE]RBNIGRL4L\46!

M'MP&^?^QC-)W6V '!VU*',09-K+)S,K!A]E_2CKV/@JP*.2U;7US!4U1^0

3*\W TB39 3B: 0^HNLIR58:*;D@;



M

PC^58;+!8$^XGC6G*4UJ


\E\SE$25W._(@FC5!

 _@@X3['*@/0'

!. 6CP!Y94)__9AX90*1G'41*VCB3J#H

29




R_AKT1?31
MZ+33)25@



M D.*M'UJY60#_.=0_'/$^O;#:-2% 
A[S^.[Q%^#64H/ALJ^'E7H7/MFI&A:
M
MZ



MY 

4


E&]ZZW-JT!&U][Z !MW[R;COYP





2C %/QMD^UZ



MVKRIY]VVO)I[X+?:\*61_J61_J61_J617M3@OC32OS32OS32OS32OS32OS32

CU_3]S-9T?'I;

\Q]#X4

!)M

8[
;\L&M5%Z5:;OMG643/\J^ZY;FHCVUK+%MU?1J?9




M_']LE6EJ;-A*=S=T0M33T;:%_]X_6.%_$R)44\!()T!.15/ I?$5A&=P\*VP
M]/^BQ6 K C++\]^;Y?]BX2WSR[^*%@*[A%T[@A@-T;=S3O7Z&QH^ZNM4_JGK








Y'
V9]Z:S=5F





MD9ZWM9OTQ&GE Z 6TZO$ /;XS+GCJ!V7L-73L$C+
GA%$
K*UEAOHI8[
D25

$#*E;6RE0R-]&KZJP,=S.
M@TSKF]GC=[H63(6*ZSP/.5FE\C<,*[+[&P::P(PD3-M!8M8!U W=5,&P14%

M32BG!@@+!LO

MPC&?


1#RKTL=]
MQT^L\W&$4
V2'^M*MBG^L276-D5 3[@N1]W/
Y^H=*F+F1BN2C;E-U8LA6K
M;ZI_=-3AV$JL6HCS%%Y^0CG.,_!IV:[U=/
JA/+02I9D99\+)60/-FFZ+)S

]&$&B$HUZK[KZ-N9?6
/N
MIPD]


M**N#CAKR==N#6U7]C:4_SZ 0O2*U0(P^R2_&.]8-O@C5&7YQS!D]62456%.T


\*#G]2&14N6(PXW\TM*0QGA,
M?=D*-O12H-92R;TR[[])T^S;_P502P$% 


0


2  !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$% 

4     !GB(%(8V&SY!X#  T#   &

M%     @ 9XB!2'1








M  @ 9XB!2()4RQN? 0  L0
  !D              ( !

M:&5E='



4     !GB(%(UP':!Z !  Q P  &0


M+W-H965T

  !D


4




M4$L! A0#%     @ 9XB!2'_Q$G2N 0  %@0  !D              ( !I4



MM



C


M='








M;6Q02P$% ,4     !GB(%(L[6TZLH!  #%!   &0              @ %A


M965T

N
&OC- 0  0@4  !D


YX;6Q02P$% 
4



T



4     !GB(%(,NH3H T  !X!@  &0              @ &Z;@





BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !G






@!  #R


.   5I      !
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001493152-16-008616-xbrl.zip

38P
C Q+GAM

MC7=
V%VG)^W'7]Y]N]\]O3^[NGK'_N^O__M_
?C/S_]G=Y==2F'U/K)SI[M[










CZ7/K
M3;'13!P8EBK+4G?Y](6O0ONVM)^]-X4+^4OWC#1#/W*'&/K/L96I3).H;LY
M@VIV!JV9'\P!LO8#9,67R!PKJSD5UGTJ;(;AV-R%:\(N*S;.&3%1/[HOU7)=
MX*@PBF3-%,G-/$(,&]6,C=9\M!A^J\_K/O(
7?5M=]5-_.0
8RS=L99\[%B

MK313))=KU(_2OF%*

'&V9YE5G



]MX1W)YZ$'8C?\+IR+?ST





MX]P@1TXK@QUH_!Y[J+7KB2MN 8I%H4XM7M?GZW_AZXTNM)TBK?!@N\LOQM




M'QUW7'BR^R%(#

-'TZ



%N






J)M.LHH7+)]/
0J8K)=
L2.8B4ZG=7$BPE;&8%Q5Y
MK\JY

MK!:FUPMU@G:UPL8+@]:DO?N8?1MD



M7=9**L/8S8@J!25.4S7S0O?-XXJ0
 VXM:Q^^KWV55_QHE3B(_#EZX=^Y\!
MMS#!7MD*U80T]^0NWQ)B_RX\7V3/\QFZ




'BT-V?;CJ/@AW





V8@[?.4WX3RZ?#3

B:$G*AHX




MXY0H-'-EX
U9:*JG)50MU6




M?4AD)YD'B-*(.

\_!\EA.53/L4JT9)MES9QQ8?#*NP3W
MF_.#]QLHFG!%0B-);X@1PQ2E^U2IBZ]Y?)R1*[
GK0#&\MOO.!/O4!+&J.JR



J
*SV]AK

M!V@!-?+AYA);-3P!51S[TG$_\QXFLE'S$#01PK.A4YTO5U^@B\]:#9QS:&9S






M?4Q?YAF)*LJ+R2J+P;3\E=8WA.1+2I:Z0*3%2292B74 QWVE2+@+1@FE!1

M*@-!U=#/(7*.*@
^X01 TTLEV)V2J9FF . T@@J8#R;52V_'S_WCQ35^#9






J
M$ZS#X503/U\U4E ]KB:[YL8]=1=H:EX@#'T)L!7#^=+Z0U]RZ5)$VBFH[
.P
M\;#J3/^[8\$P%MRC2E0BBW14T$#E



XR9PES&
^ZZX[[C(A?-7];O\#AM.R@Q9\7@%BRS

8)8%'?E(JUY$V



M^:QU1//O[S&J-HCO!WA?AX^=4!UE/ H )UA *V4 %QL+[C*!/5:RJV'/W&/O




NMK+E]QY
MKA


MQ1D
QQDV&(87@&H=[L%#!






%




M



*


9#CCYA0]!XX!VXCUAPXYD\8K


?*5GH+C
M?K


A?R8A^]




6%G@58+;RM
MT!BI;9Z=8 Q@PWK[\D60AAJJ66BU_:2


K7W4!QD
M)^S2A


UJ5V-__@8;=5YR4O\3(
MW1/K3+.YF\WD;*





[J*T#'7H8.3NLSJ

MH$
A.;549A45NJ\CPWIPV=-J#AYII \YSW$
26P
#(V]ZGI! D;&@X-6HRQ.

3 ;0?

*Z-AN)'^1K5LX[PGX6PI[EFX4!RW7%TM8F]LN0N







H$X';4= JEPI1X=P&II


I]%^UG7O@*QFG@9A@Z





B-/
 0YU3'^ R[A[+6<3^R_SH[N[BXO)PE.;6D/FS]L!2&N-:'XXZ*1<$LY!W2

QW\$CLU


OG8*E8_C/;708DZ73'\
0S_3^2I))?6



M(V#IP[
X2[S/$MTMDO6-5=T$_3NP@

MH-6.9

M5+N]/XSD]2%G3T&4B=VJ)*



7'-L@\9Y.]I!D+AMB9KG.


.UBO'C$FL$\(
M2;844FO=2:7.A
4P
?\2.Z=022]5^M@.\U7@2U00H]2^&!+JP-*?S.44:T:
MS'7N8Q:BDCJ&$YYE(0C_7





MK2V2=71+3'Y!1*12.QR+J6 M'2L2 $J$3MO@NIZ:*K
3%S%_JQO_[X$U+K+I



MW%G8)$%9B:CZ!N5;3VZ6_


M^+OJJP:IN0#0'7

M1\!


M6\ YA;J1)J+*UM6--)0MZ^Q&JN1\=&]D:^E&F@ZU64LW4NT7\WOJ^U&&F_4
M]&;
'UP_0R7:7J=K*K@XZ7T\O4X(A@FT]O4Q#



M;=IL.90U=$
E0 )5K6$]W5#5O3W1$96MO!MJY
=





R6;:)6(Y<NM3^]Z4<U:!*]3]77VQ#V5J31:T30.%QT
<-N*DF4U
CPQ0W

4-3(T
PT853V!J9)@:
M&1L1*5G3:@:F1H;A*E

L;4R-CTVV9]1U@[:C;Z
M'#8U
C:Q\H&ID6$XQ=3(J#A%8F:UC#G#EJ:V)CZ/HA W)\0IG0!Z??-PP=H?

MGPE4

<H454E&X)B]9T_8M)++:[<6VI+WS\LJ[34

M7


M;EVLU^:/;RUN^Z=V[^+/0%([BDT

?]C^SRZG\NSMGI_?W%@PER
M+&)&O90O(BJT;^RHQHZZ+8:\:*OE&53C_69

M0'




MT46_1I0O&ZFW
;D-M6BUE^
$.T\H=M3%R_:$;M&(?2MWA=TC0#*N! HJFS!F


M0





ML#O%GU)[F4.Z\I0-+D418&0M!+VN-VC%;@X'%LQK&)70=[86(X 7P
=S1?





MNC/!I 

MBF







]&/RS#_UNDSP;N#5





MFB5LO4 =%)K-=FZ[A 7+LF2KO


B*27P)KS(

U1M*6WJ^RZD

#QSZSO@



ZXR9D-23'C^#S=N#.S#,YT8E+#3(@ .T,7K,SK_P2H7





M _@2UJ:(@Y-UL





BK6*$/Q3B&/028


MI[;PJ:&4EH\UL(NLTDV#8W

K)0'P

=+*!





A[N[6W:F35E7Y?XZ+V6'$?JR98 08K4*WY#G;V($
MD=+#&7_BTB*OOGB2L)BNP!8#TF-#!_LTR._PNXW
9B_VJ47DZH!!$(W^@(



R==

 W K]FO/WC0:V3@;=%XB^6W6%\


=)M/]2;%#; $GUW1_V47HE8W&N8/KREVJ
M4^_6.
Q

BV(


M7I^WUC1'-LV1E^#T
LV137-DTQRY7FQCFB.;N#G3''GK_;VF.?+VT]@T1U[6
MHDQSY
US_YKFR(;(52M8RW#0EW*J3_?-?TN$2L)0NKB!=^=8UJ7J+KPU[GG3
M$M*TA#0M(3?1R]0T+2'KI-::#F&;?^FK];5^HVU4IB6D:0EI!+X1^/7B;=
2

3

A@8J.8I5T&JT6S]_*#I;%J?GHN/G- &LO:TO&K^#?US?/%RP
MXX^


MP(%?O85&MV;X+ZZVU$4YCG6;$B
VJ^ISQ]^JW-&B\48JG

M1R;FR
X518\$^:T+18_$^;T5N-J3)A3

-AV6Z!
F)


K*&

M=5!I[;1+FP:

Z=9UL#,B]EX'U#[)KO VT2\\
M/6K^6@![<4MY'X;\/X[+1FK-! FV3G]TW#'[$;NAK\1%/ &U<0P;SZ1Q#&\F
M^M^.8WC)CB\X7_X2-CL7G@=0&__7&ATF[9WC0Y. LW4!#6YM&G][24AG V$
M\
3J.WAOBMWW9*?=7*;EM[XCK J_^_L;X !;CV5=ZP:7CM-;_0Y]2X;;@^--

A.U?/&']E?49






MP/)W

YW

M



P^JK;5JO1/*#;2_SO?8S+X;[ORD[@A^$#

M@-I3R%0)



M=^S#@K.H3


_


MTRR






/2H-5Q6QZS+X2 9XOIPAEPUV%(_R
Z1F18:W
(&''@FP3#;8L7R?Q5*SHIWBE@^8(_(J\4GPL<SR;4N2=C4 ?K

A@NT%(TV6;Y%4I'D?A*ALH?2O+9
M!V\^ZA52]$3+MMJ!/\D!'_.C0$ 5H=VNUMAEW5*N?FGEBM#=U2_H7?2IDON6
MVX5OH)\C.TF$4)(]#5ZQC$7O @LJF02)&C09T7RS/3RVVK;2^9JVB2^^68K
'1;Z:_$G\O+7


M)[3:G)M8VJW_-)8;B:'M2!N/P'IDS(^2MIJ/GT0UFPA]HC656Z6I[;F0V_)(


MSNT066.=T&L6FG:A.YJAS\XZE,\BZ[HLP

=VKRW
MK
J'O$U&1 CB0GM![;@FCSWN!?LL*^

M1K ZTJJK'?G2)TE6[


MYE-V'4'44H*Q:O5\5

)7/G

MR4G)W8$'0O@
,
[#P
Y-MK_T



MLQZ6H_W:/+SFIA )5-Q3^7BU

.V

#$V
#(P



MP!D-!A=D2G\5W!CL G1!#G+*?P*\PC.4G=(Q#Q, I72Q#Q)'X(JWX+QY
M/1H]@

Q]*



</H) [XJ?(
M
\H:/7Q;/MU('S]$Z/=8]
WE+K#3EN_;X5M)HRV_7^]L!N1ZWWO/J
M



^Q5G\(LK' J
MA4+7
4_6


M9)I/MR+IW

R

*C+\GKMW(HHAX(^58K[N+W

**\'LD!I(M4=

9LZC
28
M PG919HA_&=S.S12V:%VX!0U&[V] RN?\7P6LNK!44O9@7'H%(PZO;PS_@U#



M1RQ5ZXJ2H

MOGH(-



V Z5;UK

DNU8

9AM&;CL!URFF-5H/*WD%4R [D





MFJ_3?6'+_
+<HUFA8%BNA .4[%;M?K:]YC5<1;%06+$!*YJ^)N]U*O(

M_;;2YB0_\/ 
-G$7,9AF'J\Y;+4'2*ME#:L7$]6=P&U#:&\6CNU^)]=\5G5H9ZB!CBV&X
M]5OO13T.S8

8@KOPH-R

M[J;YHXS+5H)04?I5%!I35O@\6PZN/-:KZ%29:U)U*L2C*67*ER#GOXWQED[=
MPI.X8OA;*'0=\XB+





M0Y2^H1%N.+W6%7_7MYBT:S#=6M7[L4JE Q@''S5[1+2#CYQS
H#P:+FPHK%Q
U-[%TLJJJYV<K1H'04:U\.#35NJ.X_6M=\CE@+I++RKI/[35!2

1UOKQ1






0G_P-02P
$
M%     @ 9XB!2&[HJ6C0&0  \'
! !0   !T;V8M
C Q-C R
#%?9&5F+GAM



F/^A;'YL5




MT


M\\.&X QRMHUPR9)@E/HJYRG.7J8047@
$1R&S'0\;Z?X#F6]A3Y&?AB%2;
]
MANP90B3 ^-QL#F  8@6\/HLV=)BR4SSY99/.M=11,MU=ZBE4SB$A, ?]_$




%619MDOP&R;U1':@FT;U=K(G


]#5W!M G-2T/X&31T@:PBUG[1XK



M^@]*]%EQ7HB\8H%_];(B

MGZU5#FOGF#K.RE1(^%+)7$.?5:*6L)YF




M
0YMIP;8^AB%,7
MB%7UDZ
FV49%)YMJNZ&G:_0<A
M L@/0;38_Q#(=4$=9KGMF!<I W@%$1PU*]VSY[+I:9'A#9J<?P 4 S*[U_N
MG_']&

+LCJ-@C3OP4=RD9Y



Q$\N('$YS^ D7'7


X8='HKOAN6
M7;X[*(F:S^YL_H9Q0*\@TT5<R/,\U$FS@5FK<3_#30214F;YDJ&*FUU[OY D
MAZT@BQ7I4HHAW658E:S:;88!5PT=P_R@BOR^()ZX/NW#I^W0N5H J7/,M8G'
M[)[7V7B6N,BT=1/$97E=VQ:O0!: &T\JBIF<F1%65*\AJRJY^_/ -=G:LMG?
MZHRZ/.=;')L*;26BS.C



H
M7*&[:#(Z

3[;D6\

M;JR#
(I%P/4=]
5I(6ZZSU[\* Y@


LS2;3?+UT52R-&(*W5.X1.
\#1YB5-'C#*;^QP9P)?153C^
MNS6'H?;O_#$

9Z&(C+6O(Q/#V])+G7N\L7$_:]'&SR

_*;ELEVTUMPV:]RN
_CL&43@

MK 'IQ









T.4(1%N6?B%NR
MR4P7Z%6;W-(I?FV7P6;0W1S_DB&]CX(+7D7TCYB$- A]H4]M+)XZHZUSF W9
M


M


 Z8)C6K1:\\

E'(O-(-Z.0*



TIMHQ5M[
F2V]GWU.I:34I

Z5[



 \_Z'[U&
M8HJFE+ARZD

MH.&X#VV0D'.

M[*=KC4F7SR;T)WSIXP/YRT-9PG(Z2TX^?5_!&M!NCGLG.'D%
0TD%K?K+%8J



DD.6@+#9/0&(




MRC1O^96;TNT+EX#%R0

M5YP=5&3:-M8JV*5&WB&:3L1SS(2%?$A//XIITPT)?7/2%$5L&84Z262$;LOE
M2\EC


38P
C Q7VQA8BYX;6SE



06
MRX3D1/Q0?O@M^O:K-V_NT/Z^1[D_DC1F_

M


M&X%O:P:'?4$V:_&U7OB6%C


M)'E6_V5?_F7_X$UEOG]7_?D7L4)8L/0F9]'']V1Q1YJ/J!K^Y95#[G4?M=28

MDJG%RJB.;*





DB9
M+2U[C

S91S.
9W7<%IB<.RY4VNI7RB I



D_DBRGZ;UC3NM(A&2B 5J;::V?P3!)Q]1G



M3Z196$1%&H


O7)%')5##/5_(H/\.1/ C*#E?M7URQ
MVR



DU-C8JOGBGARB(-AVS!&#S.W
MQ1 HXTJK)K?M&J=%)M3ZR@JO7EII I-WOPN5U;1L\[ZDV2^LD_$DS6E.B2E3
MHY=&


 SEI1GX/H)O57K7$X;4P/#-'ZOA\H+2W%,O*.3J#D.CO=5;^^8[<F( G#-L
MCSKLP2[V<$UMQ_Z_PZ.0VLD$SV!DDI8-;FIKC+R*^%?.3J4?QG(,#*!LV
MK
(!MQM

45;I4GDFHHLHE)-##E:%0EQKF
M6S;LURZ?XHTYRNG.;+(AF22$VZ;1T9!



!))9@

ML(N&8L 0V)H


FRFT2G4NYQJ,O1G'H0&(2!XP


<(C9+#_G*_$6O]'G!3],\N1ND&S4XVI3B='
ME8\B&-J-0:O14BIZXZ1_ =9J\


) YLAC





M$*PU4(:'TF26:
 $@;4]3J
#SMC(6W0T7ZB8O30^8JF\S4W2R
X-IT;8-\X'


MJX








8^98

MDLL^?UI$X9+*.7

J-3W=22VFT3I
.+2'ZC3RNJ6ZOO6
L
MSNQYK
RB04

MR8P0NY-71P0

;L0@4&#RR7A6-[JJ?+$#KVRX9 /FHUN'8G(YU-&(P5&4*H9::K
MY9N4!D#NS-R0)%E7PS:7]H2+D:


!RQ .NSI!&#P0L9

M
1!ND@SHA(W]]X#?#?MW*(#AD@]*_:2


J$E]


;UGEP4
JG
Y5R+
MKADX^!E?3$A*;5K)-NO&E@'&:&T(O$_;NAB$RW)05 56:1%50 Z;7/5N5?L0







?JF^Q07HK^2V4#&90;+4Z
7;Q#LZ/;LQ_/;L].;H <!W26;'*]


5









H


K



MC8;L_K-+!3E^W$VPT0 R%_GR1IS'L:\?^AR2CYVKF



MZDZY$G-6Q[46

 3GJ2!+AE
O
A9A38#!U3
M,,\/I^GMBW.694BHE?<I87#M%%.NDJA?SJO,FS@Y2[.<%XOUXM-VYN&G&_3L
M:$QU.H=*/HI@.#@&K78,)7214I:^N48=M?1A4//F@2Z795+8OXJ=C2C_7IIX
MS_-R3^6@!^:C*M0Y,??2!$//47 U?G)[Q]R2.Z462P6Q#G-JGIX+A$'M8)F


MP


;B3_(UY9:K2(M

M(I%T-IT2






MEQ)'6





M7JJDKBK#H:5QNB)!DT8;P'5R0[=^!\











0Y<1TVU2TANC\7LH!R8NW$B!U3F=(UC4-/N-WOOM@1ZVK&G4^V[8]^

&Z$Z^!FMD[K**
C^?-JII#&G*4$L!'9)[FJ;J7SB1Z<U?**$F/&-\(<9E.Y6T4.H=J--&








KCK2



M=Q-Q*HB?KRGRZYSI[)$;W_^G1LFK448Z%@%9IFTO&%LNTPFV.Z:OO_CMCKU)

MY9NCL[M

&P_[/.

MG(@I



M I'J!

3R0978U)?$!:5+.BTLYR*-T-9

+)8[R9H9T+XXV
M+0S X/LL


KU_(Z2]V4GS&.F_C0^ L5^[
MJ)7!-U/K6I$J;S=A=P+B:7@O'*(K7U@<%9_EN;IF/M&AM@.P4:7 F#@#%71

M T:5 (#6KJIY4-JD#IW.#LQ]*E\1OLI7)/2GR N*
LU:K=TGUW=:9[M


M7&H[AV$

MTRX^%')H[:ZAVL-L^U\!

M7 J3C@

M/(:Z^E

\?9_@'-P


 .))6G:FM$F6H%VR5]?QI0AQRKX
M

+H6

.VBL70FE






MB






M&4YCZ:*A3SDAJ;E'O)1 == 8Q/W^JG31]WOR4/W[*7MK)B8J&6IC.2'J_ JJ

M+G614D:U-EJK3^)?W59.($A]Y0'4FANHTA'+-*12-E1JH?NFCAHM@]H=&4TZ
Z*?C\D<%TF.SJ5VZF]N<5)
M\1U-U';306!=E!S.\!IX=AKT:GYW((RT.(PF]JGC2=J6A5[^L2F/L# (V

 RJRZVE5^\




MLLLBSW*L7E@P+A;[0K]\ X85=FS:4E%)[J&6['3F086_K8/HW.&@8_1@#5A_

)U81T):-K5.!=#=9L+IV5\M53#]=
7)$M/Z

MY0


M:/4; )4;2RBC.FBVT4=- 5#Z3^SUO3I
R$'NH38\KRZY*-_U@]
S'U).(G:?
MTM]4M0Y)2N;4'.ML$06TXAAV.^BMKSJIEH#5F?4GH_LFF1%(L-L5 A&&4)

$%     @ 9XB!2$L0











&!']FPU$DX

M8-2@E^$Y]^/[:40?;13:HAF$JW/




$!Y@/RFM$P#9)C/B
N*-/.\+;]#
-].HO1OU(^-D_% -5:L*0Y
V=\



M/4+)(T)$
!/P97.*0L3\:

G.J9+
TWRZX4[G+HH8^-LC:ND$S1%C*.2_


82)079A?]/RKJ!'$$W5M\=
MY4S UO@-R56\KAB*.6WF,)SS7]1(T%.2(CLB/!]&X9'OS7HHMW^3^'WH%7
M4E5_Y)Z]EW?A5?LH&]9CVA0XS82F2^4:91V=S7]4\7I9!8GS ^2LIO(GZ$H






:?;RUH88

M5H$[:#(3:68:=B'2:&@(Q=P0'0*[$[_U^DLPL$THG[75G_#=:V9\58-G/([
MI'4X*]'EDN9W*K($DNIQKG)N4M*9@@-P(VV@#Q=HW3%?L'[7LYHU U
HXDI

8(&ZQI=*[AT1L?XP!J30VA0/2WELC
UXX7WWH&WN2;'?RY(O()F5R.:^_$L R2-#Q:^



V=';?8@*(4%08:]7HPL@G.
MY1&+_4;SI4QFY]B?X0@G&&7WA%NUKO1! _

M8_SUB8T

MK)=62U



!4
MOR%BXC.8(S1:;&, [^EN/ ZMZG_29DYSL\1+=EQQZ;4S: VX/+R0?=+2[6;

-MMEV\5F$9]



=YK'%R$@+
M






M/\HXM8*G=0.U+E$U* 
2)VW$[KT,5'X'=W-@:&BLKBFW]$M471
VV]O[YWGVJ
M\ ZKKV!_D)G[E(3NY^U=5E\+(


M$M&_9FCEX]#@


QIO0[?QX%4]P?ACO58


41LM
M$6$P*A2BE*SWRSZQQS]RP4);6$MY:=B]R@F*8L0)(+7G_U#KRMT/Q_-EUX
B9ZNYD=IC F*LVSB=+GTV?IJ?HL7!


M'Y&[]NOR%K4IZT=5U@U&\
X=.Q[4P]A*\U+V


M:Q
47DXX#1;MNF(()P*FJY;5-1.=^V:?&1G9'C#BS*&9'%H;
!^; T90

MX^ &+?+ )=\FAFF0''


M.Q5A3XD;]W-KD&W(O(+.99Y?7023Q#X9A=-TQ3I3)H-'3N)ZR&@P:24C:F1W
M/U!V.WY6'D
?MC(XACN&]GXH?_K+]WXBW9D8T@EK]L&U)B_$C')OCI-)9(.
M2 N1\ZL'C[)2BTA=UUKUSH/P$HM
AMSE-,X
M+]]J/[9TH 5',.,ZD94#JNK[J %.BOFX6N NYQB/.D-QUL53[:=)&+30
MW1%&H
GIW!=U]0:+YWP+Z)(77YX:@&OC





8DY*MU@N.5_.E44MHBA^<.(ZA+F  =\.UR7D0.ZH3O@F.
M:':3I*@NKYM/C8B=%R3M$2<PU@D,$_18T5(1@G_

$90\*;;@MPK?%@^GV2TZ/
M3IWOUVRK  R@0F@KR.E\CL22AS92W/ Y3J0 D@!'.
.B1Z2L1Z^N9_U=S*&_
H_+96V:5J%1D(?ML+*=3G55F




M[
^#3 --!.73;7?J-^B;[71#KF6(PPZ\GL\S282IWIV#@ 4??.B
_ZBH&-+5


M'8/8+F&^A4%$-3




3#$?1H%@C$_7SZGL1K;:C/7F1$V4+7%LZ]R\RD/
MH1&T$#ZI^RHW781SD8G*/_O&2ENV
Z&1X<2PR(78M[X=@/[AT9]^NZ\.JNWI&E O=_C3ZG


:CLPGEMU)YX&NC%?2+/



M+ H&K9V#*A$
? SL3@=652@0WL#VSEV+5]TZ8T *SC=H6V(#
6-] )D*BXMM



+9/HPT:@-!F/.




-V


R V/F;G%JT6HNHL4I@S)X;



1F
M/HA

9CM;M;(='GX6Z6
)PGX#AD0]C1M+GUG?6
M$I3PADX.F1@FX9 !^H9A3(






M12+@TPH%_


:\.Y\09*N:A<
M
QR






;Q



Q6(&F:B7 \)



MA6?+E1\DF_5

;-G91R&B
M\@K&S\I#ALH-##KWMM\2_[=MZ!7?\WZ8Y5_\X@K&_J3.(X96(P%)YGV.Y
M0%IQWMB^^
*0U7 F*8+9FM1%WOT=.2N-]:]0333PPH)=.KD2?=Z[Q0X;&


M9=RX&4^.VR%G:\RM^G8=BQ_
%'IH%(:%2.)/)RA@6;;K#8K32)P[3KGNBNU1
!ZY/M8\.HT.S?1D^O :!(]<E8M.ID
M__9T/70$%=SD7IG


MJ'7_^[==&E:S^^\:##636)3]![3A4@@SR'3BO#Y)4W0M;\6*?I&I30^OFOZ
M *('K^@6F-$S1+;%9S67O7EVWWMH&&H#7VAG JC4 KIUQ3LDB06PI+.J.

MJ-G&M;.M-HS*O?!NX6#$0H4[$Q?NS!T]\LE7N65WM74-@O$E+KF@HQ1$*
N2
MGI$X\:

M2M:JG62S'EP?UA@/!5NEC#) &M^Z(I6M6?= 45.X/G(Q&C F0D




+

_6L_P'

HKWKLR)C
M)6OD@&3L%S@



E

M8:/.3NE&T6
.W)32T

M(^X&?[IC)TESUPZ:UL[4J$#TFV]0E%4&\EFROF



M&!U3\H!8@OGDG?\8



M;V8M
C Q-C R

M             ( !X60  '1O9BTR
#$V
#(P

M  @ 9XB!2&[HJ6C0&0  \'
! !0              ( !E74  '1O9BTR
#$V
M
#(P

M         ( !EX\  '1O9BTR
#$V
#(P



