

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-009160
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210102
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210419
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210419
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TOFUTTI BRANDS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000730349
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ICE CREAM & FROZEN DESSERTS [2024]
		IRS NUMBER:				133094658
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0102
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09009
		FILM NUMBER:		21835527
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 JACKSON DR
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 786
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9082722400
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 JACKSON DRIVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 786
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TOFU TIME INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860619








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
 D.C. 20549

Form
10-K



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.

    
    

    
For
    the fiscal year ended January 2
 2021

    
    

    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.


Commission
File Number: 1-9009



TOFUTTI
                                         BRANDS INC.
(Exact
        name of registrant as specified in its charter)

    

    
    
    
    
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

    
    
    

50
    Jackson Drive
 Cranford
 New Jersey
    
    
    
    


(908)
272-2400
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:



Title
of each class
    
Trading
    Symbol(s)
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered

Common
    Stock
 par value $0.01 per share
    
    
    
    


Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes
[X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Non-accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller
    reporting company [X]
Emerging
    growth company [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management&rsquo;s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.)
Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the most recently completed second fiscal
quarter: $3
632
000

As
of April 19
 2021
 the issuer had 5
153
706 shares of common stock
 par value $0.01
 outstanding.





    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    

Item
    1A. 
    
    

Item
    1B. 
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    

Item
    3.
    
    

Item
    4.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    

Item
    6.
    
    

Item
    7.
    
    

Item
    7A.
    
    

Item
    8.
    
    

Item
    9.
    
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
and Procedures.
    

Item
    9B.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    

Item
    11.
    
    

Item
    12.
    
    

Item
    13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    

Item
    14.
    
    

PART
    IV
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules.
    

    
    
    



    
    




We
are engaged in the development
 production and marketing of TOFUTTI&reg; brand dairy free
 vegan frozen desserts
 cheeses and other food
products. TOFUTTI products are soy and other vegetable protein-based
 vegan
 dairy free products which contain no butterfat
 cholesterol
or lactose.

As
used in this annual report
 the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; mean Tofutti Brands Inc.
 unless otherwise
indicated. Statements made in this annual report concerning the contents of any contract
 agreement or other document are summaries of
such contracts
 agreements or documents and are not complete descriptions of all of their terms. If we filed any of these documents as
an exhibit to this annual report or to any previous filling with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 you may read the document itself
for a complete recitation of its terms.

Except
for the historical information contained in this annual report
 the statements contained in this annual report are &ldquo;forward-looking
statements&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 or the Exchange Act
 as amended
 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 as amended
 with respect to our
business
 financial condition and results of operations. Such forward-looking statements reflect our current view with respect to future
events and financial results. We urge you to consider that statements which use the terms &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;do not believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo;
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We remind readers that forward-looking statements are merely
predictions and therefore inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors and involve known and unknown risks that could cause
the actual results
 performance
 levels of activity
 or our achievements
 or industry results
 to be materially different from any future
results
 performance
 levels of activity
 or our achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are also included in Item 1. &ldquo;Business&rdquo; and Item 7. &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.&rdquo; Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which
speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information
future events or circumstances
 or otherwise after the date hereof. We have attempted to identify significant uncertainties and other
factors affecting forward-looking statements in the Risk Factors section that appears in Item 1A. &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;

We
operate on a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal years for the financial statements included herein are
the fifty-three week period ended January 2
 2021 (fiscal 2020) and the fifty-two week period ended December 28
 2019 (fiscal 2019).


    
    


PART
I



Item
    1. 
    





We
are engaged in the development
 production and marketing of TOFUTTI&reg; brand dairy free
 vegan frozen desserts
 cheeses and other food
products. TOFUTTI products are vegan
 dairy free products which contain no butterfat
 cholesterol or lactose and use soy and other vegetable
proteins. Our products are 100% dairy free yet offer the same texture and full-bodied taste as their dairy counterparts. Our products
are also free of cholesterol and derive their fat from corn and palm oils
 each naturally lower in saturated fat than dairy products.
With the exception of Mintz&rsquo;s Blintzes
 all of our products are completely vegan and our vegan cheese products are gluten free
as well. In addition
 all of our products are certified kosher-parve and all of our vegan cheese products are also certified halal.

We
were organized under the laws of the State of New York in 1981 and became a Delaware corporation in 1984. Our registered office and principal
executive offices are located at 50 Jackson Drive
 Cranford
 New Jersey 07016

website address



Our
objective is to be a leading provider of dairy free
 vegan food products
 primarily cheese products and frozen desserts
 to supermarkets
health food stores
 and food service customers in the United States and abroad. We intend to continue to introduce new products that
offer good taste while containing no butterfat
 cholesterol or dairy to these markets.

We
focus our marketing efforts toward those consumers who find our products essential to their everyday diets because of health
 lifestyle
or religious reasons. As part of this strategy
 we seek to achieve brand awareness through product innovation
 eye-catching packaging
trade advertising
 and a strong word-of-mouth marketing program. We believe that our ability to offer a wide range of dairy free
 vegan
and kosher-parve products will continue to provide us with a competitive advantage.

TOFUTTI
PRODUCT LINE

We
offer a broad product line of vegan
 dairy free products that use soy or other vegetable-based proteins. Our dairy free products include
frozen desserts
 cheeses and spreads
 and other frozen food products.

Frozen
Desserts



    
Premium
 dairy free frozen dessert
 available in pre-packed pints
 three-gallon cans
 and soft serve mix
 is sold nationally
    in supermarkets
 health food stores
 retail shops
was the first dairy free frozen dessert
    to be marketed to the general public through supermarkets. We currently offer six flavors of premium
in
    pints
 three flavors in three-gallon bulk cans and one soft-serve flavor.

    
    

    
TOFUTTI
    CUTIES&reg;
 our best-selling frozen dessert product
 are bite size frozen sandwiches combining a choice of one of three different
    fillings between two chocolate wafers. Half the size of traditional ice cream sandwiches
 offer consumers a
    portion controlled treat. Unlike ice cream sandwiches
 are totally dairy free
 without butterfat or cholesterol
 yet
    with the same great taste that makes ice cream sandwiches one of the bestselling novelties in the freezer case. Tofutti Cuties come
    in three flavors: vanilla
 chocolate and mint chocolate chip. Like all our frozen dessert products
 they are completely trans-fat
    free
 including the wafers.



    
    





    
YOURS
set in a chocolate-coated crispy cone
 then topped with a
    deep
 rich chocolate coating and topped with a crispy chocolate cookie crunch.

    
    

    
Our
 surrounded by a dark chocolate
    coating. Made with organic sugar and with no gluten added
 satisfy important diet requirements of certain
    consumers with that great 


Dairy
Free Vegan Cheese Products




    
BETTER
    THAN CREAM CHEESE&reg;
 but is dairy free
 butterfat-free
 gluten-free
    and contains no cholesterol. It is as versatile as real cream cheese
 whether spread on a bagel
 used as a dip for snack items
 such
    as crackers or chips
comes in three flavors
 plain
 Herb &amp; Chives
    and Garlic &amp; Herb that are available in 8 oz. retail packages. The plain comes in 5 lb. containers and 30 lb. bulk boxes for
    food service customers.

    
    

    
TOFUTTI
available in a 14 oz.
    container. It is available in many supermarkets and health food stores.

    
    

    
BETTER
    THAN SOUR CREAM&reg;
 but is dairy free
 butterfat-free
 gluten-free
has the versatility of sour cream with the added benefit of being dairy
    free. The 12 oz. retail packages are available in plain and guacamole. The plain version is also available in 5 lb. containers for

 BETTER THAN SOUR CREAM 
    stores and select supermarkets.

    
    

    
TOFUTTI
with four exciting flavors for use as dips for snacking. Those
    flavors are Roasted Garlic
 Garden Cucumber
 French Onion and Cheddar Jalapeno available in 12 oz. retail containers.

    
    

    
TOFUTTI
    VEGAN CHEESE SLICES
 gluten-free
 vegan alternative to regular cheese slices and
    contain no trans fatty acids. Available as individually wrapped slices in 8 oz. packages
 are
    sold in most health food stores and select supermarkets and come in two flavors: Mozzarella and American. The Mozzarella version is
    also available in 40 lb. blocks for food service customers.

    
    

    
BETTER
    THAN RICOTTA CHEESE&reg;
 
 offers consumers a dairy-free and gluten-free alternative
    that tastes and works just like real ricotta cheese in all their favorite recipes. Available in 16 oz. retail containers

    THAN RICOTTA 



    
    


Frozen
Food Products



    
TOFUTTI
that are dairy and cholesterol free
 yet taste
are available in freezer cases in select supermarkets and health food stores
    and can be served hot
 warm
 or slightly chilled as a main meal or a snack.


MARKETING
AND DISTRIBUTION

TOFUTTI
products are sold and distributed across the United States and internationally
 and can be found in gourmet specialty shops
 kosher supermarkets
natural/health food stores
 and national and regional supermarket chains. All of our products are sold by independent unaffiliated food
brokers to distributors and sometimes on a direct basis to retail chain accounts or to warehouse accounts that directly service chain
accounts. Such direct accounts include Safeway/Albertsons
 Kroger
 Fred Meyer
 DeMoulas/Market Basket
 and Wakefern Food Corp. Food brokers
act as our agents within designated territories or for specific accounts and receive commissions
 which average 5% of net collected sales.
Certain key domestic
 kosher
 and food service accounts and all international accounts are handled directly by us. Our products are also
sold in approximately twenty other countries.

We
currently sell our dairy-free vegan cheese products and frozen dessert products in most major markets in the United States
 including
Atlanta
 Baltimore
 Boston
 Charlotte
 Chicago
 Cincinnati
 Cleveland
 Dallas
 Denver
 Detroit
 Houston
 Jacksonville
 Kansas City
 Los
Angeles
 Miami
 Milwaukee
 Minneapolis
 Nashville
 New York
 Orlando
 Philadelphia
 Phoenix
 Portland
 Richmond
 Salt Lake City
 San
Diego
 San Francisco
 Seattle
 St. Louis
 Tampa and Washington
 D.C.

We
currently distribute most of our products by allowing customers to pick-up products from outside storage facilities. We do not own
 lease
or otherwise maintain any vehicles involved in the shipping of our products. From our co-packing facilities
 we either ship direct to
our customers or we ship to outside public storage facilities from where our customers are able to pick up their orders. Use of outside
storage facilities in several key locations in the United States allows us to provide our customers with products in a timely fashion.

 we use two warehouses in New Jersey
 one for our frozen dessert and food products and one for our
cheese products
 and one warehouse in northern California for both categories of products.

In
addition to ice cream and cheese distributors
 our products are handled by most major national and regional natural and/or gourmet specialty
distributors in the country. We distribute our products through thirty-nine (39) distributors to the national health food market.

Our
sales to health food accounts in fiscal 2020 increased to $7
643
000
 or 55% of total sales
 from approximately $6
436
000
 or 49% of
total sales in fiscal 2019
 due to the increase in both frozen dessert and cheese product sales to health food accounts. Our sales to
the kosher market increased to $678
000
 or 6% of sales
 in fiscal 2020
 from sales of approximately to $651
000
 or 5% of sales
 in
fiscal 2019. The increase in our health food account sales was also due to increased public awareness of healthier alternative vegan
products.


    
    


The
following table presents the geographical breakdown of our sales in our largest domestic markets for the last two fiscal years.



    
    

 2021
    

 2019

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
2
333
    
1
860
    

    
2
198
    
1
993
    

    
1
600
    
1
884
    

    
1
380
    
1
025
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


During
fiscal 2020
 we shipped our products to distributors in Australia
 Canada
 Egypt
 the UK
 France
 Mexico
 and Panama. Sales to foreign
distributors decreased to $1
470
000
 or 11% of sales
 in fiscal 2020
 from $1
725
000
 or 13% of sales
 in fiscal 2019. During fiscal
2020
 our foreign business was negatively impacted by a very strong U.S. dollar which made our products more expensive in local currency.
Our export business to the United Kingdom and the rest of Europe was also severely negatively impacted by still unresolved Brexit issues
and the bankruptcy in December 2019 of our long-term UK distributor. We conduct all of our foreign business in U.S. dollars. Accordingly
our future export sales could be adversely affected by an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar against local currencies
 which could
increase the local currency price of our products.



TOFUTTI
frozen desserts compete with all forms of ice cream products
 yogurt-based desserts and other plant-based frozen desserts. We believe
that we are a leader in the dairy free frozen dessert product market and offer the most complete line of dairy free frozen dessert products.
Other plant-based frozen dessert products are presently being sold throughout the United States by established manufacturers and distributors
of ice cream and other frozen dessert products. The ice cream and frozen dessert industry is highly competitive and most companies with
whom we compete are substantially larger and have significantly greater resources than us. All of our products face substantial competition
from dairy free and dairy products marketed by companies with significantly greater resources than we have. Similar to our frozen desserts
all our vegan cheese products face stiff competition within their category from both dairy cheese products and plant-based cheese products.

In
most product categories
 we compete not only with widely advertised branded products
 but also with generic and private label products
that are generally sold at lower prices. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
 product quality
 price
brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences.
Our market share and ability to grow our revenue could also be adversely impacted if we are not successful in introducing innovative
products in response to changing consumer demands or by new product introductions of our competitors. If we are unable to build and sustain
brand equity by offering recognizably superior product quality
 we may be unable to maintain premium pricing over competitive products.
We believe that we are able to compete effectively due to our ability to offer an array of vegan cheese products
 dairy free frozen desserts
and other food products that contain no butterfat
 cholesterol or lactose and are 100% dairy free
 yet offer the same texture and full-bodied
taste as their dairy counterparts.


    
    



PRODUCT
DEVELOPMENT

All
of our current products were developed by us in our own laboratory. In fiscal 2020 and 2019
 our product development expenses were approximately
$240
000 and $324
000
 respectively. Product development expenses in 2020 and 2019 did not include Mr. Mintz&rsquo;s salary. Our product
development expenses decreased sharply in 2020 as a result of precautions taken to prevent the spread of COVID-19. We do not intend to
reopen the laboratory to its previous level of operations. All product development costs are expensed as incurred and are recorded as
operating expenses in our financial statements.



We
believe that all of our products are produced under the strictest quality control procedures that are available in each manufacturing
facility used by us. These quality control procedures include
 but are not limited to
 the cleaning processes utilized prior to running
our products; spot line inspections during production; in-house laboratory testing as required by government agencies; supervision of
all our production by our kosher supervisory service; supervision of all our vegan cheese production by our halal supervisory service;
and random testing by outside independent laboratories to ensure that our internal quality control procedures
 guidelines
 ingredients
and nutritional reporting requirements are being properly followed.

All
of our products are produced by co-packers to whom we supply certain key ingredients and packaging for the manufacturing processes. Our
co-packing facilities are fully licensed and must comply with all state and federal laws and regulations. Additionally
 our production
facilities are certified as SQF facilities. The Safe Quality Food (SQF) Program is a rigorous and credible safety and quality program
of on-going audits and certifications that is being required by more and more food distributors and retailers before they will accept
a new food product into their facility or store. We currently utilize five co-packers
 all of whom were able to continue the production
of our products during the course of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our co-packers manufacture and package our products and
 in certain instances
warehouse such products pending shipment. For certain key product categories
 such as dairy free vegan cheeses and dairy free frozen
desserts
 we have more than one co-packer. In selecting an appropriate co-packer
 we take into account all of the preceding factors
plus cost considerations such as product processing fees and freight and warehouse expenses.

For
the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 we purchased approximately 40% and 52% of our finished goods
respectively
 from Franklin Foods

 WHIPPED BETTER THAN CREAM CHEESE
 SOUR SUPREME
 products
 and 16% and 19%
 respectively
 of our finished goods from Luke&rsquo;s Ice
Cream
 our frozen dessert novelty co-packer.

Relationships
with Co-Packers

We
do not have any written production agreements with our co-packers and do not anticipate that we would encounter any material difficulty
in obtaining alternative production sources
 at a comparable cost
 if one or all of our co-packers decide to terminate their relationships
with us. Nevertheless
 any disruption in supply could have a material adverse effect on our company.

In
order to protect our formulas
 we have entered into confidentiality arrangements with our co-packers and some of our co-packers&rsquo;
employees. All of our employees
 including officers
 sign similar confidentiality agreements. There can be no assurance that such confidentiality
arrangements can or will be maintained
 or that our trade secrets
 know-how and marketing ability cannot be obtained by others
 or that
others do not now possess similar or even more effective capabilities.


    
    



Kosher
Certification

KOF-K
Kosher Supervision
 or KOF-K
 of Teaneck
 New Jersey provides us with our kosher certification service. Before KOF-K will permit its
certification
 evidenced by its symbol
 to be placed on a product
 KOF-K must approve both the ingredients contained in the product and
the facility processing the product. Approval of the manufacturing facilities we use include periodic inspections
 and in most cases
on-site supervision of actual production. We pay a yearly renewal fee for certification and ongoing fees throughout the year for supervisory
services for each production run. We believe that our ability to successfully market and distribute our products is dependent upon our
continued compliance with the requirements of rabbinical certification. All TOFUTTI products meet the requirements for certification
as kosher-parve.

Halal
Certification

In
early 2013
 we completed a halal certification process at Franklin Foods
 the co-packer of our 

BETTER THAN CREAM CHEESE
 products and at Whitehall Specialties
 the co-packer
 products. This certification is provided by the Islamic Food and Nutrition
Council of America (IFANCA) of Park Ridge
 Illinois and currently applies only to those products manufactured by Franklin Foods and Whitehall
Specialties. Before IFANCA will permit its certification to be placed on a product
 which is evidenced by its symbol
 IFANCA must approve
both the ingredients contained in the product and the facility processing the product. Approval of the manufacturing facilities we use
includes periodic inspections. There is a yearly renewal fee for certification. All TOFUTTI vegan cheese products meet the requirements
for certification as halal.

TRADEMARKS
AND PATENTS

We
have registered our trademark
 TOFUTTI&reg;
 and other trademarks for our frozen desserts and other products in the United States and
approximately thirty-two foreign countries. We believe our trademarks are an important means of establishing consumer recognition for
our products and we will vigorously oppose any unauthorized use of our trademarks. We are not currently involved in any trademark litigation.

Although
we believe that our formulas and processes are proprietary
 we have not sought patent protection for such technology. Instead
 we are
relying on the complexity of our technology
 on trade secrecy laws and on confidentiality agreements. We believe that our technology
has been independently developed and does not infringe the patents of others.

GOVERNMENT
REGULATION

Companies
engaged in the manufacture
 packaging and distribution of food items are subject to extensive regulation by various government agencies
which
 pursuant to statutes
 rules
 and regulations
 prescribe quality
 purity
 manufacturing and labeling requirements. Food products
are often subject to &ldquo;standard of identity&rdquo; requirements
 which are promulgated at either the Federal or state level to determine
the permissible qualitative and quantitative ingredient content of food. To the extent that any product that we seek to market does not
conform to an applicable standard
 special permission to market such a product is required.


    
    



Our
United States product labels are subject to regulation by the United States Food and Drug Administration
 or the FDA. Such regulations
include standards for product descriptions
 nutritional claims
 label format
 minimum type sizes
 content and location of nutritional
information panels
 nutritional comparisons
 and ingredient content panels. Our labels
 ingredients and manufacturing processes are subject
to inspection by the FDA. We believe that we are in compliance with current labeling requirements and conduct periodic reviews to make
certain that such compliance is on-going.

The
Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the Food Safety Modernization Act and rules and regulations promulgated by the FDA thereunder
 contain no
specific Federal standard of identity which is applicable to our products. Our frozen dessert products meet the New York State standard
of identity for &ldquo;parevine
&rdquo; which has been adopted by at least eight other states. Many states require registration and label
review before food products can be sold. While approval in one jurisdiction generally indicates the products will meet with approval
in other jurisdictions
 there is no assurance that approval from other jurisdictions will be forthcoming. Additionally
 many of our major
customers now require that any food products that they purchase be produced in Safe Quality Food
 or SQF
 manufacturing facilities. The
SQF program is recognized by the Global Food Safety Initiative and provides a rigorous system to manage food safety risks and provide
safe products use by companies in the food industry. All of our current co-packers are SQF certified or have completed the certification
process and are awaiting final approval by the certifying organization.

Food
manufacturing facilities are subject to inspections by various safety
 health and environmental regulatory authorities. A finding of
a failure to comply with one or more regulatory requirements can result in the imposition of sanctions including the closing of all or
a portion of a company&rsquo;s facilities
 subject to a period during which the company can remedy the alleged violations. Our Cranford
New Jersey facility is subject to inspection by the New Jersey-Kosher Enforcement Bureau and the New Jersey Environmental Health Services.
We believe that we
 our distributors and our co-packers are in compliance in all material respects with governmental regulations regarding
our current products and have obtained the material governmental permits
 licenses
 qualifications and approvals required for our operations.
Our compliance with Federal
 state and local environmental laws has not materially affected us either economically or in the manner in
which we conduct our business. However
 there can be no assurance that our company
 our distributors and our co-packers will be able
to comply with such laws and regulations in the future or that new governmental laws and regulations will not be introduced that could
prevent or temporarily inhibit the development
 distribution and sale of our products to consumers.

New
government laws and regulations may be introduced in the future that could result in additional compliance costs
 seizures
 confiscations
recalls or monetary fines
 any of which could prevent or inhibit the development
 distribution and sale of our products. If we fail to
comply with applicable laws and regulations
 we may be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
as well as potential criminal sanctions
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial
condition.



We
have successfully operated our business with a limited number of employees for over a decade. We employed eight persons on a full-time
basis until March 2020 due to the pandemic
 after which we employed six persons. In fiscal 2019 we employed eight persons on a full-time
basis. As of March 31
 2021
 we employed four persons. We consider our employees to be among the most valuable assets of our company.

We
believe that an engaged workforce is key to maintaining our ability to innovate. During fiscal 2020
 we took the necessary precautions
in response to the recent COVID-19 outbreak
employees flexibility to work from home and mandatory social
distancing requirements in the workplace. We are committed to providing a safe work environment for our employees in compliance with
applicable regulations.

We
do not have any collective bargaining agreements with our employees.


    
    





Item
    1A. 
Risk
    Factors.



Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described
below before investing in our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur
 our business prospects
 financial condition
and results of operations could be harmed. In that case
 the value of our common stock could decline
 and you could lose all or part
of your investment.

Risks
Related to Our Business

David
Mintz
 our founder
 Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer and the developer of all of our products died in February 2021 and
we may be unable to adequately replace him.

On
February 24
 2021
 David Mintz
 our founder
 Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer and the developer of all of our products
passed away. Our CFO
 Steven Kass has been appointed interim CEO. While we intend to appoint a permanent successor to Mr. Mintz in his
executive roles
 we may be unable to find someone who will be able to succeed him in his role as our head of research and development.
The loss his services could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

We
may not be able to maintain profitable operations in the future. We may not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations in
the future.

The
lack of sufficient working capital in the past has negatively impacted our ability to introduce and adequately promote new products.
As of January 2
 2021
 we had $1
459
000 in cash and our working capital was $4
639
000. Our cash increased by $945
000 from December
28
 2019. To the extent that we incur operating losses in the future or are unable to generate free cash flows from our business
 we
may not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations and will be required to obtain additional financing. Such financing may
not be available
 or
 if available
 may not be on terms satisfactory to us. If adequate funds are not available to us
 our business
and results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected.

Interruptions
in the supply of products from our co-packers and suppliers could adversely affect our revenues.

We
depend on a limited number of suppliers for ingredients
 packaging materials and the production of our products. We do not produce
any of our own products. For the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 we purchased approximately 40% and
52%
 respectively
 of our finished goods from Franklin Foods

 WHIPPED BETTER
THAN CREAM CHEESE
 BETTER THAN SOUR CREAM
 products
 and purchased approximately 16% and 19%
respectively
 of our finished goods from Luke&rsquo;s Ice Cream
 our frozen dessert novelty co-packer. Any disruption in supply
could have a material adverse effect on our company.

We
have little control over the suppliers of ingredients to our co-packers. Disruptions in these relationships may reduce our sales and
revenues. Overall difficulty of suppliers meeting product demand
 interruptions in the supply chain
 obstacles or delays in the process
of renegotiating or renewing agreements with preferred suppliers
 financial difficulties experienced by suppliers
 or the deficiency
lack
 or poor quality of alternative suppliers could adversely impact our sales which
 in turn
 would adversely affect our business and
operating results. We believe that
 if necessary
 we could obtain available alternative sources of supply for each of our products. Depending
on the product
 that might entail using more than one source of supply.


    
    



Our
operations may be adversely affected by failure to maintain or renegotiate distribution
 supply or manufacturing agreements on favorable
terms.

We
have a number of distribution
 supply and co-packing agreements for our supplies and products. These agreements vary depending on the
particular supply and/or product. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew these agreements on favorable terms or that
these agreements will not be terminated. Termination of these agreements or failure to renew these agreements on favorable terms could
have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Our
business and results of operations may be negatively impacted by the spread of COVID-19.

In
2019
 a novel strain of the Coronavirus
 COVID-19
was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China
 which has evolved into a pandemic. This situation and preventative or protective actions
that governments have taken to counter the effects of the pandemic have resulted in a period of business disruption
 including delays
in shipments of products and raw materials. COVID-19 has spread to over 180 countries
 including the United States
 and efforts to contain
the spread of COVID-19 have intensified. To the extent the impact of COVID-19 continues or worsens
 the demand for our products may be
negatively impacted
 and we and our co-packers may have difficulty obtaining the materials necessary for the production of our products.
In addition
 the production facilities of our co-packers may be closed for sustained periods of time and industry-wide shipment of products
may be negatively impacted. COVID-19 has also impacted our sales efforts as our ability to make sales calls is constrained. Our research
and development activities were disrupted due to our efforts to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in our research and development facility.
Our ability to promote sales through promotional activities has also been constrained as many supermarkets are understaffed
 resulting
in the cancelation of some sales promotional discounts. Trade food shows and sales conferences
 major events used to introduce and sell
our products


 which could in turn result in reduced sales and a lower gross margin.

We
are indebted to the estate of our former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to a promissory note which is secured by substantially
all of our assets. Any failure to meet our obligations under the note could materially harm our business
 financial condition and results
of operations.

On
January 6
 2016
 we received a $500
000 convertible loan from Mr. David Mintz
 our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
who passed away on February 24
 2021. Initially due on December 31
 2017

31

 the closing price of
our common stock on the OTCQB on the date the promissory note was extended. The loan bears interest at 5% per annum and may be
prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty.

In
the event we are unable to repay the loan
 or if there is an event of default
 without any action on the part of the estate of Mr. Mintz
the interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all of our other obligations
under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
 and the estate of Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all available

 financial
condition and results of operations.

Successful
customer relationships are vital to our business and continued growth.

We
must maintain strong relationships with our existing customers and build relationships with new customers in order to ensure our products
are well presented to our consumers and available for purchase in major markets. The strength of our customer relationships also affects
our ability to obtain pricing and competitive trade terms. Failure to maintain strong relationships with customers could negatively impact
our terms of business with affected customers and reduce the availability of our products to consumers.


    
    



We
rely on Steven Kass
 our Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Executive Officer
 to manage our business.


Our
future success is significantly dependent on the services of Steven Kass (age 69)
 our Chief Financial Officer
 who was also appointed
as our interim Chief Executive Officer upon the death of Mr. David Mintz. The loss of his services would have a material adverse effect
on our business and results of operations.

As
a branded goods business
 our success depends on the value and relevance of our brand and products to consumers and on our ability to
innovate and remain competitive.

Consumer
tastes
 preferences and behaviors are constantly changing and our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes and to continue
to maintain loyalty to our brand and products is vital to our business. If we are unable to innovate effectively
 our sales or margins
could be materially adversely affected.

The
successful introduction of innovative products and packaging on a periodic basis has become increasingly important to our ability to
maintain and grow our sales. Accordingly
 the continued acceptance of our current products and the future degree of market acceptance
of any of products
 which may be accompanied by significant promotional expenditures
 is likely to have an important impact on our future
financial results.

Our
suppliers are subject to federal
 state and local government regulations that could adversely affect our business and financial position.

Virtually
all food manufacturing operations are subject to regulation by various federal
 state and local government entities and agencies. As
producers of food products for human consumption
 our suppliers are subject to stringent production
 packaging
 quality
 labeling and
distribution standards
 including regulations mandated by the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the Food Safety Modernization Act
the FDA
 OSHA
 the EPA and the USDA. Future regulation by various federal
 state or local governmental entities or agencies could
 among
other things
 increase our suppliers&rsquo; cost of production
 cause them to incur unexpected expenditures or encumber productivity
any of which may adversely affect our business and financial results.

We
may not be able to compete effectively in the highly competitive frozen dessert
 dairy free cheese food and health food markets.

The
vegan and dairy free frozen dessert
 cheese and health food markets are highly competitive. In addition
 many of our principal competitors
are large
 diversified companies with resources significantly greater than ours. We expect strong competition to continue
 including
competition for adequate distribution and competition for the limited shelf space for the frozen dessert and dairy free cheese food categories
in supermarkets and other retail food outlets. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
 product quality
price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer
preferences. Our market share and ability to grow our revenue could also be adversely impacted if we are not successful in introducing
innovative products in response to changing consumer demands or by new product introductions of our competitors. If we are unable to
build and sustain brand equity by offering recognizably superior product quality
 we may be unable to maintain premium pricing over competitive
products.

From
time to time
 we and our customers experience price pressure in some of our markets as a result of competitors&rsquo; promotional pricing
practices as well as general market conditions. Our failure to match or exceed our competitors&rsquo; cost reductions through innovative
products and other improvements could weaken our competitive position. Competition is based on product quality
 reliability
 food safety
distribution effectiveness
 brand loyalty
 price
 effective promotional activities
 the ability to identify and satisfy emerging consumer
preferences and the ability to provide ancillary support services. We may not be able to compete effectively with these larger
 more
diversified companies.


    
    



A
material change in consumer demand for our products could have a significant impact on our business.

We
are a consumer food products company and rely on continued demand for our products. To achieve business goals
 we must develop and sell
products that appeal to consumers. If demand and growth rates fall substantially below expected levels or our market share declines significantly
in these businesses
 our results could be negatively impacted. This could occur due to unforeseen negative economic or political events
or to changes in consumer trends and habits.

Breaches
of network or information technology security could have an adverse effect on our business.

We
rely heavily on IT systems to manage critical functions such as operations
 data storage and retrieval
 revenue recognition
 budgeting
forecasting
 financial reporting and other administrative functions. Cyber-attacks or other breaches of network or information technology
or IT
 may cause equipment failures or disrupt our systems and operations. In particular
 both unsuccessful and successful cyber-attacks
on companies have increased in frequency
 scope and potential harm in recent years. A party who is able to compromise the security measures
on our networks or the security of our infrastructure could
 among other things
 misappropriate our proprietary information and the personal
information of our customers and employees
 cause interruptions or malfunctions in our or our customers&rsquo; operations
 cause delays
or interruptions to our ability to meet customer needs
 cause us to breach our legal
 regulatory or contractual obligations
 create an
inability to access or rely upon critical business records or cause other disruptions in our operations. These breaches may result from
human errors
 equipment failure
 or fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties. Our exposure to cybersecurity threats
and negative consequences of cybersecurity breaches will likely increase as we store increasing amounts of customer data. While no actual
or attempted attacks have had a material impact on our operations or financial condition
 we cannot provide any assurance that our business
operations will not be negatively materially affected by such attacks in the future.

We
seek to protect against such threats and may be required to expend significant financial resources to alleviate problems caused by physical
electronic
 and cyber security breaches. As techniques used to breach security are growing in frequency and sophistication and are generally
not recognized until launched against a target
 regardless of our protection efforts
 we may not be able to implement security measures
in a timely manner or
 if and when implemented
 these measures could be circumvented. Any breaches that may occur could expose us to
increased risk of lawsuits
 loss of existing or potential future customers
 harm to our reputation and increases in our security costs
which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operating results.

In
the event of a breach resulting in loss of data
 such as personally identifiable information or other such data protected by data privacy
or other laws
 we may be liable for damages
 fines and penalties for such losses under applicable regulatory frameworks despite not handling
the data. Furthermore
 if a high-profile security breach or cyber-attack occurs with respect to another provider of mission-critical
data center facilities
 our customers and potential customers may lose trust in the security of these business models generally
 which
could harm our reputation and brand image as well as our ability to retain existing customers or attract new ones. In addition
 the regulatory
framework around data custody
 data privacy and breaches vary by jurisdiction and is an evolving area of law. We may not be able to limit
our liability or damages in the event of such a loss.

While
we maintain insurance coverage for some of these events
 the potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the insurance
coverage we maintain. A failure to protect the privacy of customer and employee confidential data against breaches of network or IT security
could result in damage to our reputation. Any of these occurrences could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition.


    
    


Our
operating costs are subject to fluctuations which could affect our business results.

The
principal raw materials that we use are commodities that experience price volatility caused by external conditions such as weather
 product
scarcity
 limited sources of supply
 commodity market fluctuations
 currency fluctuations
 and changes in governmental agricultural and
energy policies and regulations. Commodity price changes may result in unexpected increases in raw material
 packaging
 and energy costs.
Therefore
 our success is dependent
 in part
 on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions
 cost savings
projects and sourcing decisions. In the manufacturing and general overhead areas
 we need to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements
including any key sole supplier and manufacturing plant arrangements.

Economic
conditions adversely affecting consumer discretionary spending may negatively impact our business and operating results.

We
believe that our revenues and profitability are strongly correlated to consumer discretionary spending
 which is influenced by general
economic conditions
 unemployment levels
 and the availability of discretionary income. In an economic downturn or in the event of the
continued spread of COVID-19
 our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Our
operating results vary quarterly.

ales
to our major customers fluctuate widely from period to period and there is no way to accurately predict that their sales pattern from
one year will be repeated in the corresponding period of the next fiscal year. Due to the foregoing factors
 in some future quarter our
operating results may be below the expectations of investors. In such event
 it is likely that the price of our common stock would be
materially adversely affected.

Increasing
scrutiny and changing expectations from investors
 lenders
 customers and other market participants with respect to our Environmental
Social and Governance
 or ESG
 policies may impose additional costs on us or expose us to additional risks.

Companies
across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their ESG policies. Investors
 lenders and other market participants
are increasingly focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of
their investments. The increased focus and activism related to ESG may hinder our access to capital
 as investors and lenders may reconsider
their capital investment allocation as a result of their assessment of our ESG practices. If we do not adapt to or comply with investor
lender or other industry shareholder expectations and standards
 which are evolving
 or which are perceived to have not responded appropriately
to the growing concern for ESG issues
 regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so
 may suffer from reputational damage
and the business
 financial condition and price our company&rsquo;s shares could be materially and adversely affected.


    
    



We
have no registered patents. The absence of patent protection could adversely affect our results of operations.

We
rely upon the confidentiality of our formulas and our know-how rather than upon patent protection. There is no assurance that such confidentiality
can or will be maintained or that our know-how cannot be obtained by others or that others do not now possess similar or even more effective
capabilities. The failure to maintain the confidentiality of our know-how could adversely affect our operating results.

Unanticipated
business disruptions could adversely affect our ability to provide our products to our customers.

We
have a complex network of suppliers
 co-manufacturing locations
 distribution networks
 and information systems that support our ability
to consistently provide our products to our customers. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control
 such as weather
 raw material
shortages
 natural disasters
 fires or explosions
 terrorism
 or health pandemics
 such as the new coronavirus
 COVID-19
 that originated
in China
 could damage or disrupt our operations or our suppliers&rsquo;
 co-manufacturers&rsquo; or distributors&rsquo; operations.
These disruptions may require additional resources to restore our supply chain or distribution network. If we cannot respond to disruptions
in our operations
 whether by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations
 or
if we are unable to quickly repair damage to our information
 production
 or supply systems
 we may be late in delivering
 or be unable
to deliver
 products to our customers and may also be unable to track orders
 inventory
 receivables
 and payables. If that occurs
 our
customers&rsquo; confidence in us and long-term demand for our products could decline. Any of these events could materially and adversely
affect our product sales
 financial condition
 and operating results.

We
are subject to risks associated with international operations

In
fiscal 2020
 approximately 11% of our revenues were from international sales. Although we intend to expand our international operations
we cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain or increase international market demand for our products. To the extent that we
cannot do so in a timely manner
 our business
 operating results and financial condition will be adversely affected. International operations
are subject to inherent risks
 including the following:



    
different
    and changing regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we currently operate or may operate in the future;

    
    

    
the
    impact of possible recessionary environments in multiple foreign markets;

    
    

    
export
    restrictions
 tariffs and other trade barriers;

    
    

    
difficulties
    in managing and supporting foreign operations;

    
    

    
longer
    payment cycles;

    
    

    
difficulties
    in collecting accounts receivable;

    
    

    
political
    and economic changes
 hostilities and other disruptions in regions where we currently sell our products or may sell our products
    in the future;

    
    

    
seasonal
    reductions in business activities; and

    
    

    
on-going
    Covid-19 restrictions imposed by foreign governments.


Negative
developments in any of these areas in one or more countries could result in a reduction in demand for our products
 the cancellation
or delay of orders already placed
 difficulty in collecting receivables
 and a higher cost of doing business
 any of which could adversely
affect our business
 results of operations or financial condition.


    
    


We
may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

Our
foreign transactions are always in U.S. dollars. Therefore
 our future export sales could be adversely affected by an increase in the
value of the U.S. dollar
 which could increase the local currency price of our products. There can be no assurance such fluctuations
in the future will not materially and adversely affect our revenues from international sales and
 consequently
 our business
 operating
results and financial condition.

Incidents
involving food-borne illnesses
 food tampering
 or food contamination involving our products or our supply chain could create negative
publicity and significantly harm our operating results.

While
we and our co-packers dedicate substantial resources to food safety matters to enable customers to enjoy safe
 quality food products
food safety events
 including instances of food-borne illness (such as salmonella or E. Coli)
 have occurred in the food industry in
the past
 and could occur in the future. Instances or reports
 whether true or not
 of food-safety issues
 such as food-borne illnesses
food tampering
 food contamination or mislabeling
 either during the growing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 storing
 or preparation of products
have in the past severely injured the reputations of companies in the frozen desert and dairy sectors and could affect us as well. Any
report linking us
 our suppliers or co-packers to food-borne illnesses or food tampering
 contamination
 mislabeling
 or other food-safety
issues could damage the value of our brands immediately and severely hurt sales of our products and possibly lead to product liability
claims
 litigation (including class actions)
 or other damages. In addition
 food safety incidents
 whether or not involving our brands
could result in negative publicity for the industry or market segments in which we operate. Increased use of social media could create
and/or amplify the effects of negative publicity. This negative publicity may reduce demand for our products.

Product
liability suits
 if brought
 could have a material adverse effect on our business.

From
time to time in the normal course of our business
 we become subject to product liability claims. If a product liability claim exceeding
our insurance coverage were to be successfully asserted against us
 it could harm our business. We cannot assure you that such coverage
will be sufficient to insure against claims which may be brought against us
 or that we will be able to maintain such insurance or obtain
additional insurance covering existing or new products. As a marketer of food products
 we are subject to the risk of claims for product
liability. We maintain general product liability and umbrella insurance coverage and generally require that our co-packers maintain product
liability insurance with us as a co-insured. Similarly
 most of our customers require us to name them as additional insureds as well
and in some cases we are required to sign hold harmless and indemnification agreements.



    
    


Our
failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have an adverse
effect on our financial results and the market price of our common stock.

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 imposes certain duties on us and our executives and directors. Our efforts to comply with the requirements
of Section 404 have resulted in increased general and administrative expense and a diversion of management time and attention
 and we
expect these efforts to require the continued commitment of resources. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to provide management&rsquo;s
annual review and evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting in connection with the filing of our Annual Report on Form
10-K for each fiscal year. Based on our evaluation under the frameworks described above
 our interim chief executive officer and chief
financial officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of January 2
 2021 because of the following
material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting:




    
  
a
  continuing lack of sufficient resources and an insufficient level of monitoring and oversight
 which may restrict our ability to gather
  analyze and report information relative to the financial statements
 including but not limited to accounting estimates
 reserves
 allowances
  and income tax matters
 in a timely manner.

    
  
  

    
  
The
  limited size of the accounting department makes it impracticable to achieve an optimum separation of duties and monitoring of internal
  controls.


Our
failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could result in investigation or sanctions by regulatory authorities
and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results
 investor confidence in our reported financial information
 and the
market price of our common stock.

Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock 

Our
principal shareholder has the ability to control the policies and management of our company.

The
estate of our founder
 former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 David Mintz
 holds 2
630
440 shares of common stock
representing approximately 51.0% of the outstanding shares. Until such time as the estate is settled and as long as the estate maintains
a controlling interest in our company
 it will have the ability to exercise a controlling influence over our business and affairs
 including
any determinations with respect to potential mergers or other business combinations involving us
 our acquisition or disposition of assets
our incurrence of indebtedness
 our issuance of any additional common shares or other equity securities
 our repurchase or redemption
of common shares and our payment of dividends. Similarly
 as long as the estate of Mr. Mintz has a controlling interest in our company
it will have the power to determine the outcome of matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders
 including the power to elect all
of the members of our board of directors and prevent an acquisition or any other change in control of us.

Trading
on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets may be volatile and sporadic
 which could depress the market price of our common stock and make
it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares.

Since
October 24
 2016 our common stock has been quoted on the OTCQB tier of the electronic quotation system operated by OTC Markets. Trading
in stock quoted on the OTC Markets is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices
 due to many factors that may
have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons
unrelated to operating performance. Moreover
 the OTC Markets is not a stock exchange
 and trading of securities on the OTC Markets is
often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like NASDAQ or a stock exchange like the NYSE MKT. Accordingly
shareholders may have difficulty reselling any of their shares and the lack of liquidity may negatively impact our ability to pursue
strategic alternatives.


    
    


Penny
stock rules will limit the ability of our stockholders to sell their stock.

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; to be any equity security
that has a market price (as defined) less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain
exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules
 which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell to persons other than established customers and &ldquo;accredited investors.&rdquo; The term &ldquo;accredited investor&rdquo;
refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of $5
000
000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of $1
000
000 or annual
income exceeding $200
000 or $300
000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the Securities
and Exchange Commission
 which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The
broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer
and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s
account. The bid and offer quotations
 and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information
 must be given to the customer
orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer&rsquo;s
confirmation. In addition
 the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these
rules
 the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the
level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently
 these penny
stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor
interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock.

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
 or FINRA
 has adopted sales practice requirements which may also limit a shareholder&rsquo;s
ability to buy and sell our stock.

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above
 FINRA has adopted rules that require that
 in recommending an investment to a customer
a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative
low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers
 broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the
customer&rsquo;s financial status
 tax status
 investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules
 FINRA
believes that there is a high probability that speculative
 low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA
requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock
 which may limit your ability
to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for its shares.

Volatility
of the market price of our common stock could adversely affect our shareholders and us.

The
market price of our common stock has been subject to fluctuations in the past and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to
numerous factors
 including the following:



    
    
actual
    or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results or those of our competitors;

    
    
    

    
    
announcements
    by us or our competitors of new and enhanced products;

    
    
    

    
    
developments
    or disputes concerning proprietary rights;

    
    
    

    
    
introduction
    and adoption of new industry standards;

    
    
    

    
    
market
    conditions or trends in our industry;

    
    
    

    
    
announcements
    by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions;

    
    
    

    
    
entry
    into strategic partnerships or joint ventures by us or our competitors;

    
    
    

    
    
additions
    or departures of key personnel;

    
    
    

    
    
political
    and economic conditions
 such as a recession or interest rate or currency rate fluctuations or political events; and

    
    
    

    
    
other
    events or factors in any of the countries in which we do business
 including those resulting from war
 incidents of terrorism
 natural
    disasters
 pandemics or responses to such events.



    
    


In
addition
 in recent years the stock market has been highly volatile. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may materially
adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares
 regardless of our performance. In the past
 following periods of market volatility
shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation relating to the stock trading and price volatility of the company
in question. If we were involved in any securities litigation
 it could result in substantial cost to us to defend and divert resources
and the attention of management from our business.

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends.

Our
policy is to retain earnings
 if any
 for use in our business and
 for this reason
 we do not intend to pay cash dividends on our shares
of common stock in the foreseeable future.



Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments.






Item
    2. 
    


Our
facilities are located in a one-story facility in Cranford
 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses our administrative
offices
 a warehouse
 walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen. Our lease agreement
expired in 1999
 but we continue to occupy the premises under the terms of that agreement
 subject to a six-month notification
period from us and the landlord with respect to any changes. We currently have no plans to enter into a long-term lease agreement
for the facility. Our rent expense was $78
000 in fiscal 2020 and $77
000 in fiscal 2019. Our management believes that the Cranford
facility will continue to satisfy our space requirements for the foreseeable future. We rent warehouse storage space at various
outside facilities. Outside warehouse expenses amounted to $467
000 and $458
000 during fiscal 2020 and 2019
 respectively.



Item
    3. 
Legal
    Proceedings. 


We
are not a party to any material litigation.



Item
    4. 
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.


Not
applicable.

PART
II



Item
    5. 
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.


Our
common stock was listed on the American Stock Exchange
 or the AMEX
 on October 29
 1985 and traded on the AMEX or its successor
 NYSE
MKT


 2016 when our common stock began to be quoted on the OTCQB tier of the electronic
quotation system operated by OTC Markets under the symbol TOFB.

Each
share ranks equally as to dividends
 voting rights
 participation in assets on winding-up and in all other respects. No shares have been
or will be issued subject to call or assessment. There are no preemptive rights
 provisions for redemption or for either cancellation
or surrender
 or provisions for sinking or purchase funds.

The
closing price for our common stock on April 16
 2021
 as reported on the OTCQB
 was $2.96.


    
    



Holders
of Record

As
of April 16
 2021
 there were approximately 322 direct holders of record of our common stock.



We
have not paid and have no present intention of paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

2014
Equity Incentive Plan 

Our
shareholders adopted our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) on June 10
 2014. As of January 2
 2021
 we had issued 80
000
non-qualified stock option awards under the Plan
 all of which expired in 2020. No option awards were granted in the two fiscal years
ended January 2
 2021.

The
Plan provides for grants of various types of awards (&ldquo;Awards&rdquo;) that are designed to attract and retain highly qualified employees
and directors who will contribute to the success of the company and to provide incentives to participants in this Plan that are linked
directly to increases in shareholder value which will
 therefore
 inure to the benefit of all of our shareholders. The Plan will expire
on June 9
 2024. The Plan makes 250
000 shares of our common stock available for Awards under the Plan. The Plan also permits performance-based
Awards paid under the Plan to be tax deductible to the company as &ldquo;performance-based compensation&rdquo; under Section 162(m) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &ldquo;Code&rdquo;).



The
Plan is administered in accordance with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code (but only to the extent necessary and desirable
to qualify Awards under the Plan as &ldquo;performance-based compensation&rdquo; under Section 162(m)) and
 to the extent applicable
Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act (&ldquo;Rule 16b-3&rdquo;)
 by the Board or
 at the Board&rsquo;s sole discretion
 by the compensation
or any other committee of the Board
 as appointed by the Board (the &ldquo;Administrator&rdquo;).

Eligible
Participants

Incentive
stock options
 or ISOs
 may be granted only to employees (including officers and directors who are also employees) of the company. Options
and stock appreciation rights may be granted only to eligible participants as to whom company shares constitute &ldquo;service recipient
stock
&rdquo; within the meaning of the regulations under Section 409A of the Code. All other Awards may be granted to employees
 officers
and directors of the company. An Eligible Participant may be granted more than one Award under the Plan.

The
Plan allows us to grant ISOs to our employees and non-statutory stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 performance
grants
 stock bonuses and any other types of equity-based awards to our employees
 officers and directors. We believe that our ability
to grant this broad array of equity incentives is critical to secure
 retain and motivate our employees and directors and to respond
to market conditions and best practices
 while at the same time balancing such issuances and the potential dilution to our stockholders.


    
    


Sales
of Unregistered Securities 

There
were no sales of unregistered securities during fiscal 2020.

Purchase
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliates 

We
did not purchase any shares of our common stock in the thirteen weeks ended January 2
 2021 (the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020).



Item
    6. 
Selected
    Financial Data.


Not
applicable.



Item
    7. 
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.


The
following is management&rsquo;s discussion and analysis of certain significant factors which have affected our financial position and
operating results during the periods included in the accompanying audited financial statements.

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation
of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. The policies discussed below are considered by management to be critical to an understanding
of our financial statements because their application places the most significant demands on management&rsquo;s judgment
 with financial
reporting results relying on estimation about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Specific risks for these critical
accounting policies are described in the following paragraphs. For all of these policies
 management cautions that future events rarely
develop exactly as forecast
 and the best estimates routinely require adjustment.

Revenue
Recognition.
 frozen desserts and other food products. We recognize revenue
when control over the products transfers to our customers
 deemed to be the performance obligation
 which generally occurs when the product
is shipped or picked up from one of our distribution locations by the customer. We account for product shipping
 handling and insurance
as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues
are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns. Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such
as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of sale. We base these estimates of expected amounts principally on
historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product returns
 are monitored
and adjusted each period until the incentives or product returns are realized.

Key
sales terms
 such as pricing and quantities ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related
incentives have a one year or shorter duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment
costs in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. We generally do not have any unbilled receivables at the end of a period.


    
    



Accounts
Receivable
is extended based on evaluation of a customers&rsquo; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable
are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and reserve
for sales promotions. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. We determine whether an
allowance is necessary by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
 our previous
loss history
 the customer&rsquo;s current ability to pay its obligation
 and the condition of the general economy and the industry as
a whole. We write-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible
 and payments subsequently received on such receivables are
credited to the bad debt expense account. We do not accrue interest on accounts receivable past due.

Inventory.

of future demand are written down and charged to the provision for inventories. At the point of which loss is recognized
 a new
 lower
cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase
in the newly established cost basis.

Fixed
Assets.
 we spent $150
000 on equipment to be used at our new co-packer&rsquo;s frozen dessert
facility. Our co-packer began using this equipment in connection with the production of frozen stick novelty items in the third
Depreciation is provided by charges to income using the straight-line method over
the estimated useful life of ten years. There were no fixed asset additions in fiscal 2020.

Leases.

 operating lease expense is generally recognized evenly over the term of the lease. We have operating leases primarily
consisting of facilities with remaining lease terms of approximately one to three years. Leases with an initial term of twelve months
or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. For lease agreements entered into or reassessed after the adoption of Topic 842
 we have
combined the lease and non-lease components in determining the lease liabilities and right of use assets.

Income
Taxes
financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the
period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded if there is uncertainty as to the realization of deferred
tax assets. We will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&rsquo;s assessment
is that the position is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax jurisdiction
based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term &ldquo;tax position&rdquo; refers to a position in a previously filed
tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

Our
company considers the applicability and impact of all Accounting Standard Updates (&ldquo;ASUs&rdquo;). ASUs not discussed below were
assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on our balance sheets or statements of operations.


    
    


In
June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.
The amendments in this Update require a new topic to be added (Topic 326) to the Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;)
and removes the thresholds that entities apply to measure credit losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost
 such as
loans
 trade receivables
 reinsurance recoverables
 and off-balance-sheet credit exposures
 and held-to-maturity securities. Under current
U.S. GAAP
 entities generally recognize credit losses when it is probable that the loss has been incurred. The guidance under ASU 2016-13
will remove all current recognition thresholds and will require entities under the new current expected credit loss (&ldquo;CECL&rdquo;)
model to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between the amortized cost basis of a financial instrument and the
amount of amortized cost that an entity expects to collect over the instrument&rsquo;s contractual life. The new CECL model is based
upon expected losses rather than incurred losses. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022
 including
interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the effect that this new guidance will have on our financial statements
and related disclosures.

In
August 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-06
 Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts
in Entity&rsquo;s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40)-Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Equity&rsquo;s Own Equity.
For convertible instruments
 the Board decided to reduce the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and convertible
preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer embedded conversion features being separately recognized from the host
contract as compared with current GAAP. The Board concluded that eliminating certain accounting models simplifies the accounting for
convertible instruments
 reduces complexity for preparers and practitioners
 and improves the decision usefulness and relevance to financial
statement users. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2023
 including interim periods within those fiscal
years.

Key
Factors Affecting Our Business 

Our
operations and the operating metrics discussed below have been and will likely continue to be affected by certain key factors as well
as certain historical events and actions. The key factors affecting our business and results of operations include among others
 our
lack of sufficient working capital
 dependence on a few key distributors for a significant portion of our sales
 dependence on several
key suppliers to produce our products
 our reliance on a limited number of key executives to manage our business
 and competition. For
further discussion of the factors affecting our results of operations
 see &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;

We
may not be able to maintain profitability in the future and may not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations in the future.


While
our operations have been profitable in the last few years
 we incurred losses in prior years. Our cash increased to $1
459
000 while
our working capital increased to $4
669
000 as of January 2
 2021. The lack of sufficient working capital in the future could negatively
impact our ability to introduce and adequately promote new products. To the extent that we incur operating losses in the future or are
unable to generate free cash flows from our business
 we may not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations and will be required
to obtain additional financing. Such financing may not be available
 or
 if available
 may not be on terms satisfactory to us. If we
are unable to maintain revenues
 we may not be able sustain profitable operations in the future or generate positive cash flows from
our operations.

We
depend on a few key distributors for a significant portion of our sales. 

A
significant portion of our sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies with numerous divisions and
subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 54% and 44% of our net sales for the fiscal years ended
January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 respectively. Although we believe that the business associated with any of our primary distributors
can be readily transferred to other distributors or directly to supermarket warehouses if necessary
 no assurance can be given that a
change in distributors would not be disruptive to our business
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results
of operations.


    
    



Interruptions
in the supply of products from our co-packers and suppliers could adversely affect our revenues.

We
depend on a limited number of suppliers for ingredients
 packaging materials and the production of our products. We do not produce
any of our own products. For the years ended January 2
 2021and December 28
 2019
 we purchased approximately 40% and 52%
respectively
 of our finished goods from Franklin Foods

 WHIPPED BETTER THAN CREAM
CHEESE
 BETTER THAN SOUR CREAM
 products
 and purchased approximately 16% and 19%
 respectively
of our finished goods from Luke&rsquo;s Ice Cream
 our frozen dessert novelty co-packer. Any disruption in supply could have a
material adverse effect on our company.

We
have little control over the suppliers of ingredients to our co-packers. Disruptions in these relationships may reduce our sales and
revenues. Overall difficulty of suppliers meeting product demand
 interruptions in the supply chain
 obstacles or delays in the process
of renegotiating or renewing agreements with preferred suppliers
 financial difficulties experienced by suppliers
 or the deficiency
lack
 or poor quality of alternative suppliers could adversely impact our sales which
 in turn
 would adversely affect our business and
operating results. We believe that
 if necessary
 we could obtain available alternative sources of supply for each of our products. Depending
on the product
 that might entail using more than one source of supply.

We
have a complex network of suppliers
 co-manufacturing locations
 distribution networks
 and information systems that support our ability
to consistently provide our products to our customers. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control
 such as weather
 raw material
shortages
 natural disasters
 fires or explosions
 terrorism
 or health pandemics
 such as COVID-19
 could damage or disrupt our operations
or our suppliers&rsquo;
 co-packers&rsquo; or distributors&rsquo; operations. These disruptions may require additional resources to restore
our supply chain or distribution network. If we cannot respond to disruptions in our operations
 whether by finding alternative suppliers
or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations
 or if we are unable to quickly repair damage to our information
production
 or supply systems
 we may be late in delivering
 or be unable to deliver
 products to our customers and may also be unable
to track orders
 inventory
 receivables
 and payables. If that occurs
 our customers&rsquo; confidence in us and long-term demand for
our products could decline. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 financial condition
 and operating
results.

We
rely on a limited number of key executives to manage our business. 

Upon
the death of Mr. Mintz
 our continued success is significantly dependent on the services of Steven Kass (age 69)
 who is presently serving
as our interim Chief Executive Officer and as our Chief Financial Officer. The loss of his services would have a material adverse effect
on our business and results of operations.



The
dairy free
 vegan frozen dessert and food and health food markets are highly competitive. In addition
 many of our principal competitors
are large
 diversified companies with resources significantly greater than ours. We expect strong competition to continue
 including
competition for adequate distribution and competition for the limited shelf space for the frozen dessert and dairy free cheese food categories
in supermarkets and other retail food outlets.


    
    


From
time to time
 we and our customers experience price pressure in some of our markets as a result of competitors&rsquo; promotional pricing
practices as well as general market conditions. Our failure to match or exceed our competitors&rsquo; cost reductions through innovative
products and other improvements could weaken our competitive position. Competition is based on product quality
 reliability
 food safety
distribution effectiveness
 brand loyalty
 price
 effective promotional activities
 the ability to identify and satisfy emerging consumer
preferences and the ability to provide ancillary support services. We may not be able to compete effectively with these larger
 more
diversified companies.

Recent
Developments 

On
February 24
 2021 David Mintz
 our founder
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors
 passed away. Steven Kass
Chief Financial Officer
 was appointed interim CEO by our Board of Directors.

An
outbreak of infectious respiratory illness caused by a novel coronavirus known as COVID-19 was first detected in China in December 2019
and has now spread globally. This outbreak has resulted in travel restrictions
 closed international borders
 enhanced health screenings
at ports of entry and elsewhere
 disruption of and delays in healthcare service preparation and delivery
 prolonged quarantines
 cancellations
supply chain disruptions
 and lower consumer demand
 layoffs
 defaults and other significant economic impacts
 as well as general concern
and uncertainty. The impact of this outbreak has adversely affected the economies of many nations and the entire global economy and may
impact our company in ways that cannot necessarily be foreseen. Other infectious illness outbreaks that may arise in the future could
have similar impacts. Public health crises caused by the outbreak may exacerbate other pre-existing political
 social and economic risks
in certain countries or globally.

The
current severity of the pandemic and the uncertainty regarding the length of its effects could have negative consequences for our company.
To date
 the effects of the pandemic have not materially affected our company&rsquo;s operations. All of our co-packing facilities are
currently operating normally and the pandemic has not constrained any of our production requirements. We continue to be able to schedule
trucks for delivery and a large majority of our customers are still operating and ordering our products as before.

Most
of our administrative functions are being performed remotely. A small crew maintains the office for those functions that cannot be handled
remotely. Our ability to collect money
 pay bills
 handle customer and consumer communications
 schedule production
 and order ingredients
necessary for our production has not been impacted. To date
 the pandemic has had minimal impact on our sales. The majority of our sales
relate to retail products sold in supermarkets. Supermarket sales in general have seen a substantial surge in business due to the pandemic
as consumers stock up on all products that they would normally purchase. The only negative effect to our business to date has been with
respect to our food service sales to retail outlets
 such as restaurants and small food shops
 which account for a small part of our
total business and with respect to our inability to regain our level of export sales to foreign jurisdictions. Our marketing efforts
have also been constrained due to social distancing restrictions and other current government rules and regulations that preclude face
to face sales meeting
 attendance at trade shows and the initiation of new promotions.

To
date we have not experienced a significant change in the timeliness of payments of our invoices and our cash position remains stable
with approximately $1
459
000 of cash as of January 2
 2021.

Depending
on the length and severity of the pandemic
 Covid-19 may ultimately have a significant impact on our operations and ability to maintain
our current level of operations without a further infusion of capital
 which may not be available to us.


    
    


Fiscal
Year Ended January 2
 2021 Compared with Fiscal Year Ended December 28
 2019 

We
operate on a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal years for the financial statements included in this report
are the fifty-three week period ended January 2
 2021 (fiscal 2020) and the fifty-two week period ended December 28
 2019 (fiscal 2019).

Net
sales for the fiscal year ended January 2
 2021 were $13
815
000
 an increase of $685
000 or 5%
 from net sales of $13
130
000 for the
fiscal year ended December 28
 2019. Sales of our frozen dessert and frozen food product lines increased to $2
146
000 in fiscal 2020
from $1
889
000 in fiscal 2019. Sales of vegan cheese products increased to $11
669
000 in fiscal 2020 from $11
241
000 in fiscal 2019
 products. Domestic
sales of our cheese products increased while our export cheese business was negatively impacted by political uncertainty in the UK and
its impact on the UK&rsquo;s currency. It was also negatively impacted by the continued effects of the bankruptcy of our UK master distributer
in December 2019. Since our master distributor in the UK managed our sales for the rest of Europe
 our sales there have been negatively
impacted by the issues in the UK and our inability to obtain a successor distributor.

Our
gross profit for the year ended January 2
 2021 increased by $216
000 to $4
253
000 from $4
037
000. Our gross profit percentage for
both the years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019 was 31%. Sales promotion and allowance expense was $1
582
000 for the year
ended January 2
 2021 compared to $1
378
000 for the year ended December 28
 2019. We intend to increase gross profitability in future
periods through selective price increases and selective ingredient replacements to lower-cost alternatives.

Freight
out expense increased by $94
000 to $1
037
000
 or 8%
 for the year ended January 2
 2021 compared with $943
000 for the year ended December
28
 2019. Freight out expense increased due to the increase in net sales and significant increases in freight rates across all methods
of shipping due to increases in fuel costs and the reduction in vehicle availability due to the pandemic. Freight out cost as a percentage
of sales in fiscal 2020 was 8% compared to approximately 7% in fiscal 2019. We anticipate that freight out expense in fiscal 2021 will
continue at this higher level.

Selling
and warehousing expenses decreased by $445
000
 or 27%
 to $1
187
000 for fiscal 2020 from $1
632
000 in fiscal 2019. This decrease was
primarily attributable to decreases in commission expense of $82
000
 travel
 entertainment and auto expense of $48
000
 messenger expense
of $13
000
 meetings and conventions expense of $33
000
 payroll expense of $76
000 and bad debt expense of $210
000. These decreases
were partially offset by an increase in outside warehouse rental expense of $10
000. The decrease in bad debt expense was primarily a
result of writing off the receivables of our UK master distributor at the end of fiscal 2019. We anticipate that selling expenses as
a percentage of sales in fiscal 2021 will decline from those in fiscal 2020 due to continued Covid-related reductions in travel and other
sales activities.

Marketing
expenses decreased in fiscal 2020 by $89
000
 or 26%
 to $258
000 from $347
000 in fiscal 2019 due to a decrease in promotion expense
of $95
000 and artwork and plate expense of $16
000
 which was partially offset by an increase in advertising expense of $27
000. We
expect that marketing expenses in fiscal 2021 will remain at the same level as in fiscal 2020.

Product
development expenses decreased by $84
000
 or 26%
 to $240
000 in fiscal 2020 from $324
000 in fiscal 2019. The decrease was primarily
attributable to decreases in payroll expense of $50
000
 lab costs and supplies expense of $38
000
 and uniform rental expense of $14
000
which were partially offset by an increase in equipment repairs expense of $12
000. Because we do not anticipate our research and development
department resuming operations at the pre-Covid level in 2021
 we expect that product development costs will remain constant or decline
slightly in fiscal 2021.


    
    


General
and administrative expenses increased by $66
000
 or 4%
 to $1
692
000 for fiscal 2020 from $1
626
000 for fiscal 2019. The increase
was primarily due to increases in payroll expense of $31
000
 professional fees and outside services expenses of $19
000
 equipment rental
expense of $6
000
 office supplies expense of $9
000
 and general insurance expense of $57
000
 which were partially offset by decreases
in IT expense of $20
000 and travel
 entertainment and auto expense of $33
000. General insurance expense increased due to increases
in our general package insurance policy and our directors and officers&rsquo; liability policy. We expect that general and administrative
expenses will decrease in fiscal 2021.

Overall
total operating expenses in fiscal 2020 decreased by $552
000
 or 14%
 to $3
377
000 compared to total operating
expenses of $3
929
000 in fiscal 2019. We anticipate our operating expenses to continue at lower than historical levels due to
ongoing Covid restrictions.

Income
before income taxes increased to $851
000 in fiscal 2020 as compared with income before income taxes of $83
000 in fiscal
2019.

Provision
for income taxes for the 2020 fiscal period was $255
000 compared to income tax expense of $5
000 for the 2019 fiscal period.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
January 2
 2021
 we had approximately $1
459
000 in cash
 and our working capital was $4
639
000.

In
order to provide our company with additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
provided our company with a convertible loan of $500
000 which is secured by substantially all of our assets. The loan has been extended

 Interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding.
The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. During the original term of the loan it was convertible
into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE MKT on the
date the promissory note was entered into. The extended loan is convertible into our common stock at a conversion price of $1.77 per
share at the option of the holder
 the closing price of our common stock on the OTCQB on the date the promissory note was extended. See
&ldquo;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.&rdquo;



Cash
                                            Flows
Fiscal
    Year ended

    
January
    2
 2021
December
    28
 2019

    
(In
    thousands)

Net
    cash provided by (used in) operating activities
    
    

Net
    cash used in investing activities
    
    

Net
    cash provided financing activities
    
    

Net
    increase (decrease) in cash
    
    

Cash
    at beginning of year
    
    

Cash
    at end of year
1
459
    



    
    


Cash
provided by operating activities for the fiscal year ended January 2
 2021 was $780
000 compared to $15
000 used in operating activities
for the fiscal year ended December 28
 2019. Cash provided by operating activities was primarily from net income from operations.

Cash
used in investing activities was $0 for the fiscal year ended January 2
 2021 compared to cash used in investing activities of $29
000
for the fiscal year ended December 28
 2019. Cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2019 was due to fixed asset purchases.

Cash
provided by financing activities for the fiscal year ended January 2
 2021 was $165
000 and $0 for the fiscal year ended December
28
 2019. Cash provided by financing activities in fiscal 2020 was from a Paycheck Protection Program (&ldquo;PPP&rdquo;)
loan provided from borrowings from the SBA.

As
a result of the foregoing
 our cash increased to $1
459
000 at January 2
 2021 from $514
000 at December 28
 2019.

We
believe our existing cash on hand at January 2
 2021
 existing working capital
 and our expected cash flows from operations will be sufficient
to support our operating and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months dating from the issuance of the financial statements.

Contractual
Obligations

We
had no material contractual obligations at January 2
 2021.

Inflation
and Seasonality

We
do not believe that our operating results have been materially affected by inflation during the preceding two years. There can be no
assurance
 however
 that our operating results will not be affected by inflation in the future. Our business is subject to minimal seasonal
variations with slightly increased sales historically in the second and third quarters of the fiscal year. We expect to continue to experience
slightly higher sales in the second and third quarters
 and slightly lower sales in the fourth and first quarters
 as a result of reduced
sales of dairy free frozen desserts during those periods.

Market
Risk

We
will invest our excess cash
 should there be any
 in highly rated money market funds which are subject to changes in short-term interest
rates. We do not believe that our foreign currency exposure is significant as our export sales are transacted in U.S. dollars. We did
not enter into any foreign exchange contracts in the year ended January 2
 2021.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements





Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.


Not
applicable.


    
    




Item
    8. 
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data.


Index
to Financial Statements



    
F-1
    &ndash; F-2

    
    

Financial
    Statements:
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Tofutti Brands Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Tofutti Brands Inc (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of January 2
 2021
 the related statements
of income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows
 for the fiscal year then ended
 and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial
position of the Company as of January 2
 2021
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the fiscal year then ended
 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or
fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit
matter below
 providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Revenue
Recognition

As
described in Note 1 to the financial statements
 the Company recognizes revenue when control over the products transfers to its customers
which is deemed to be the performance obligation. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns.
Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of the sale.
The Company bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that affect
revenue
 such as trade incentives and product returns
 are monitored and adjusted each period until the incentives or product returns
are realized. Considering the estimation and judgement required by management in determining these amounts
 our audit of these estimates
require a high degree of auditor judgement regarding these qualitative factors.



    
    


The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

Our
audit procedures related to the revenue recognition and estimates of trade incentives and product returns included the following
 among
others:



    
    
We
    obtained an understanding of the Company&rsquo;s revenue recognition process
 including the evaluation of the historical application
    of sales discounts and returns. 

    
    
    

    
    
We
    performed audit procedures that included
 among others
 testing revenue transactions during the year and evaluating the identification
    of performance obligations and ensuring that gross revenue is appropriately stated. Our testing of the significant estimates surrounding
    sales discounts and allowance included an understanding of all sales promotions
 and other discounts available during the year
 analysis
    of credit memos
 including those subsequent to year end
 and an historical analysis of accrued sales allowances and discounts compared
    to the current trends.


We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2021.

/s/
Mazars USA LLP

Edison
NJ
April
19
 2021


    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Tofutti
Brands
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Tofutti Brands
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 28
 2019
 and the
related statements of income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for the year then ended
 and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material
respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 28
 2019 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
the fiscal year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP

We
served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor from 2010 through 2021.

EISNERAMPER
LLP
Philadelphia
Pennsylvania
April
21
 2020


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
BALANCE
SHEETS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)



    
January 2

December 28


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
459
    


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and sales
    promotions of $457 and $407
 respectively
2
078
1
819

    
1
997
1
929

    
    
    

    
5
622
4
382

    
    
    


 net
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
083
5
026

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of current portion
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
659
1
198

    
    
    

    
    
    


000 shares
 none issued and outstanding 
    
    


000
000 shares
 issued and outstanding 5
153
706 shares
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
165
3
569

    
4
424
3
828

    
6
083
5
026


See
accompanying notes to financial statements


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
STATEMENTS
OF INCOME
(In
thousands
 except for per share data)



    
Fiscal
                                         year
                                                                                
January
                                         2
 2021
Fiscal
                                         year
                                                                                
December
                                         28
 2019

    
    
    

    
13
815
13
130

    
9
562
9
093

Gross
    profit
4
253
4
037

    
    
    

    
    
    

Selling
    and warehousing
1
187
1
632

    
    
    

Product
    development costs
    
    

General
    and administrative
1
692
1
626

Total
    operating expenses
3
377
3
929

    
    
    

Income
    from operations
    
    

Interest
    expense- related party
    
    

    
    
    

Income before provision
    for income taxes
    
    

    
    
    

Provision
    for income taxes
    
    

    
    
    

Net
    income
    
    

    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding:
    
    

    
5
154
5
154

    
5
456
5
154

Net
    income per common share:
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
Fiscal Years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019

 except for share data)



    
Common
    Stock
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2018
5
153
706
    
    
3
491
3
750

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
5
153
706
    
    
3
569
3
828

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2021
5
153
706
    
    
4
165
4
424


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS
(In
thousands)



    
    
 January 2

    
 December 28


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
459
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

NOTE
1: DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Description
of Business
 the development
 production and marketing of dairy free frozen desserts
and other food products.

Operating
Segments - 
about operating segments and geographic distribution of sales in financial statements. The Company has determined that it has
only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing of soy and other vegetable protein- based
 dairy
free frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy and other vegetable protein-based cheese products.

Fiscal
Year
statements included herein are the fifty-three week and fifty-two week fiscal periods ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019
 respectively.

Estimates
and Uncertainties
in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include allowance for doubtful accounts
 sales promotion
accruals
 inventory reserves and reserves for uncertain tax positions. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Fixed
Assets &ndash; 
over the estimated useful life of the equipment
 which is ten years. Ordinary maintenance and repair costs are expensed
in the year incurred.

Revenue
Recognition
 vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products. The Company
recognizes revenue when control over the products transfers to its customers
 deemed to be the performance obligation
 which generally
occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. The Company accounts for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment
activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are
recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns. Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such
as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of sale. The Company bases these estimates of expected amounts
principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product
returns
 are monitored and adjusted each period until the incentives or product returns are realized.

Key
sales terms
 such as pricing and quantities ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements
and related incentives have a one year or shorter duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize
product fulfillment costs in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. The Company generally does not have any unbilled
receivables at the end of a period.

Concentration
of Credit/Sales Risk
primarily of cash and unsecured trade receivables. During the year
 the Company&rsquo;s cash balance at one of the two financial
institutions it utilizes exceeded the FDIC limit of $250.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

The
Company performs ongoing evaluations of its customers&rsquo; financial condition and does not require collateral. Management believes
that credit risk beyond the established allowances at January 2
 2021 is limited.

During
the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 the Company derived approximately 89% and 87% of its net sales domestically.
The remaining sales in both periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of two customers represented
approximately 54% of total accounts receivable at January 2
 2021 and the accounts receivable balance of two customers represented
approximately 39% of total accounts receivable at December 28
 2019. In addition
 a significant portion of the Company&rsquo;s
sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act
independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 54% and 44% of the Company&rsquo;s net sales for the fiscal years ended
January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019.

Accounts
Receivable - 
and retailers. Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customers&rsquo; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is
not required. Accounts receivable are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of
an allowance for doubtful accounts and reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms
are considered past due. The Company determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time
trade accounts receivable are past due
 the Company&rsquo;s previous loss history
 the customer&rsquo;s current ability to pay
its obligation to the Company
 and the condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts
receivable when they become uncollectible
 and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the bad debt
expense. The Company does not accrue interest on accounts receivable past due.

Inventories

in excess of future demand or approaching expiration are written down and charged to the provision for inventories.

The
Company purchased approximately 40% and 52% of its finished products from one supplier and 16% and 19% of its finished
products from another supplier during the periods ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 respectively.

Income
Taxes
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded if there is uncertainty
as to the realization of deferred tax assets. The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain
tax position only if management&rsquo;s assessment is that the position is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; (i.e.
 a likelihood
greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term
&ldquo;tax position&rdquo; refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future
tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

Earnings
Per Share 
shares outstanding
 which would account for a potential 282
486 shares to be issued upon conversion. The convertible note for
282
486 shares was included in the calculation of fully diluted earnings. For the fiscal year ended December 28
 2019
 stock equivalents
of 80
000 shares and a convertible note for 124
688 shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share calculations since the
effect was anti-dilutive.



    
Fiscal
January
                                         2
 2021
Fiscal
December
                                         28
 2019

Net
    income
 numerator
 basic computation
    
    

Interest
    expense
    
    

Net
    income
 numerator
 diluted computation
    
    

    
    
    

Weighted average shares - denominator basic
    computation
5
154
5
154

Effect
    of convertible note
    
    

Weighted average
    shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
5
436
5
154

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
 which primarily consist of cash
 accounts receivable
SBA note payable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses are stated at their carrying values. The carrying amounts approximate
fair value because of the short-term nature of those instruments.

Small
Business Administration (SBA) Loan
 2020 the Company received from the SBA a loan of $165 from the Paycheck Protection
Program at an interest rate of 1%. Interest and payments were deferred until March 4
 2021. While the Company anticipates that
most
 if not all of this loan will be forgiven there is no certainty that will be the case. The current portion of the loan was
$112 as of January 2
 2021 and the loan will expire on May 2
 2022.

Freight
Costs 
037 and $920 during the
fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 respectively. Such costs are included in costs of sales.

Advertising
Costs
during the fiscal years January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 respectively.

Product
Development Costs
costs amounted to $240 and $324 during the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 29
 2018
 respectively.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements
ASUs not discussed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on the
Company&rsquo;s balance sheets or statements of operations.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

In
June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments. The amendments in this Update require a new topic to be added (Topic 326) to the Accounting Standards Codification
(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) and removes the thresholds that entities apply to measure credit losses on financial instruments measured
at amortized cost
 such as loans
 trade receivables
 reinsurance recoverables
 and off-balance-sheet credit exposures
 and held-to-maturity
securities. Under current U.S. GAAP
 entities generally recognize credit losses when it is probable that the loss has been incurred.
The guidance under ASU 2016-13 will remove all current recognition thresholds and will require entities under the new current
expected credit loss (&ldquo;CECL&rdquo;) model to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between the amortized
cost basis of a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that an entity expects to collect over the instrument&rsquo;s
contractual life. The new CECL model is based upon expected losses rather than incurred losses. Additionally
 the credit loss
recognition guidance for available-for-sale securities is amended and will require that credit losses on such debt securities
should be recognized as an allowance for credit losses rather than a direct write-down of amortized cost balance. The ASU is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently
evaluating the effect that this new guidance will have on our financial statements and related disclosures.

In
August 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-06
 Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts
in Entity&rsquo;s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40)-Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Equity&rsquo;s Own Equity.
For convertible instruments
 the Board decided to reduce the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and
convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer embedded conversion features being separately recognized
from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. The Board concluded that eliminating certain accounting models simplifies
the accounting for convertible instruments
 reduces complexity for preparers and practitioners
 and improves the decision usefulness
and relevance to financial statement users. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2023
 including
interim periods within those fiscal years.

NOTE
2: INVENTORIES

Inventories
consist of the following:



    





    
1
320
1
187

    
    
    

    
1
997
1
929


NOTE
3: EQUIPMENT

Equipment
consists of the following:



    



 

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
    
    



    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

Depreciation
expense for the years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019 was $10 and $5
 &#9;respectively.

NOTE
4: STOCK OPTIONS

The
Company&rsquo;s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2014 Plan&rdquo;) provides for grants of various types of awards that are
designed to attract and retain highly qualified personnel who will contribute to the success of the Company and to provide incentives
to participants in the 2014 Plan that are linked directly to increases in shareholder value which will therefore inure to the
benefit of all shareholders of the Company. The Company intends to rely on a combination of multi-year performance awards
 options
and other stock-based awards for these purposes. The 2014 Plan made 250
000 shares of common stock available for awards. The 2014
Plan also permits performance-based 2014 awards paid under it to be tax deductible under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986
 as amended
 as &ldquo;performance-based compensation.&rdquo; The Company had issued 80
000 non-qualified stock option
awards under the 2014 Plan
 all of which expired in fiscal 2020.

The
following is a summary of stock option activity from December 29
 2018 to January 2
 2021:



    
    

    
    
    


 2018
80
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2019
80
000
    

    
80
000
    


 2021
    
    


NOTE
5: LEASES

The
Company&rsquo;s facilities are located in a one-story facility in Cranford
 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses
its administrative offices
 a warehouse
 walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen.
The Company&rsquo;s original lease agreement expired on July 1
 1999
 but it continues to occupy the premises on a monthly basis.
Any changes by either the landlord or the Company remains subject to a six-month notification period. The Company currently has
no plans to enter into a long-term lease agreement for the facility. Rent expense was $78 in fiscal 2020 and $77
in fiscal 2019. The Company&rsquo;s management believes that the Cranford facility will continue to satisfy its space requirements
for the foreseeable future and if necessary
 such space can be replaced without a significant impact to the business. The Company
rents warehouse storage space at various outside facilities. Outside warehouse expenses amounted to $468 or the year ended
January 2
 2021 compared to $458 for the year ended December 28
 2019.

Under
Topic 842
 operating lease expense is generally recognized evenly over the term of the lease. The Company has operating leases
primarily consisting of facilities with remaining lease terms of approximately two to four years. The Company does not have the
option to terminate the leases early.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

Leases
with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. For lease agreements entered into or reassessed
after the adoption of Topic 842
 the Company has combined the lease and non-lease components in determining the lease liabilities
and ROU assets.

The
Company&rsquo;s lease agreements generally do not provide an implicit borrowing rate; therefore
 an internal incremental borrowing
rate is determined based on information available at lease commencement date for purposes of determining the present value of
lease payments. The Company used the incremental borrowing rate on December 29
 2018 of 5.5% for all leases that commenced prior
to that date.

ROU
lease assets and lease liabilities for our operating leases were recorded in the balance sheet as follows:



    
    
    

    

 2021

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Future
lease payments included in the measurement of lease liabilities on the balance sheet as of January 2
 2021
 for the following
three fiscal years and thereafter are as follows:



    
    

    

 2021

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    






 except for share and per share
data)

NOTE
6: INCOME TAXES

The
components of income tax expense for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019 are as follows:



    

 2021

 2019

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


A
reconciliation between the expected federal tax expense at the statutory tax rate of 21% and the Company&rsquo;s actual tax expense
for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 respectively
 follows:



    

 2021

 2019

    
    
    


 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Deferred
tax assets for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019 consist of the following components:



    

 2021

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
    
    


At
January 2
 2021 the Company had $0 federal net operating loss carryforwards and $0 of state operating loss carryforwards.


The
Company will recognize a tax provision in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&rsquo;s
assessment is that the position is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be sustained
by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term &ldquo;tax position&rdquo; refers to a
position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring
current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

The
following table indicates the changes to the Company&rsquo;s uncertain tax positions for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021
and December 28
 2019:




 2018
    

    
    

    
    


 2019
    

    
    


 2021
    


The
Company accounts for penalties or interest related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for income taxes. The amount of
uncertain tax positions that would affect the effective tax rate if they were recognized is $172. The liability at January 2
 2021 uncertain
tax positions is included in accrued expenses. The Company is no longer subject to federal and state examinations for fiscal years before 2017.

NOTE
7: NOTES PAYABLE

Small
Business Administration (SBA) Loan


 2020 the Company received from the SBA a loan of $165
from the Paycheck Protection Program at an interest rate of 1%. Interest and payments were deferred until March 4
 2021 The current
portion of the loan was $112 as of January 2
 2021 and the loan will expire on May 2
 2022.

Related
Party


 2016
 David Mintz
 the
Company&rsquo;s former Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided the Company with a loan of $500. The loan
 which was originally
set to expire on December 31
 2017 has been extended to December 31
 2022 effective January 10
 2020. The original loan was convertible
into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of its common stock
on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was first entered into. The extended loan is
 at the option of the holder
 convertible
into the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a conversion price of $1.77 per share
 the closing price of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock on the date of the extension of the promissory note. No other terms of the loan were modified. Commencing March 31
 2016
interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without
premium or penalty. In any event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
 without any action on the part of the estate
of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
and all of the Company&rsquo;s other obligations under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
 and the estate of
Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies available to it.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)



    
January 2

                                                                                
December 28

                                                                                

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of current maturity
    
    


NOTE
8: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

The
Company sells its products throughout the United States and in approximately 15 foreign countries and may be impacted by public
health crises beyond its control. This could disrupt its operations and negatively impact sales of its products. The Company&rsquo;s
customers
 suppliers and co-packers may experience similar disruption. In December 2019
 a novel strain of the Coronavirus
 COVID-19
was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China
 which has evolved into a pandemic. This situation and preventative or protective
actions that governments have taken to counter the effects of the pandemic have resulted in a period of business disruption
 including
delays in shipments of products and raw materials. COVID-19 has spread to over 180 countries
 including the United States
 and
efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19 have intensified. To the extent the impact of COVID-19 continues or worsens
 the demand
for the Company&rsquo;s products may be negatively impacted
 and it and its co-packers may have difficulty obtaining the materials
necessary for the production of its products. In addition
 the production facilities of the Company&rsquo;s co-packers may be
closed for sustained periods of time and industry-wide shipment of products may be negatively impacted. COVID-19 has also impacted
the Company&rsquo;s sales efforts as its ability to make sales calls is constrained. The Company&rsquo;s ability to promote sales
through promotional activities has also been constrained as many supermarkets are understaffed and unable to change pricing for
items in stock
 resulting in the cancelation of all sales promotional discounts for the foreseeable future. Trade food shows and
sales conferences
 major events used to introduce and sell the Company&rsquo;s products
 have been postponed indefinitely. The
length and severity of the pandemic could also affect the Company&rsquo;s regular sales
 which could in turn result in reduced
sales and a lower gross margin.

NOTE
9: REVENUE

Performance
obligations relating to the delivery of food products are satisfied when the goods are shipped to the customer and net of all
applicable discounts
 as follows: Payment term discounts
 off-invoice allowance
 manufacturer chargeback
 freight allowance
 spoilage
discounts
 and product returns.



    

    
    
    

    

 2021

 2019

    
    
    

    
13
272
12
338

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
815
13
130


Approximately
89% in fiscal 2020 and 92% in fiscal 2019 of the Americas revenue is attributable to the United States. All of the Company&rsquo;s
assets are located in the United States.



    

    
    
    

    

 2021

 2019

    
11
669
11
241

    
2
140
1
889

    
13
815
13
130



    
    




Item
    9. 
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.


As
reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 19
 2021 (&ldquo; the January Form 8-K&rdquo;)
 EisnerAmper LLP (&ldquo;EisnerAmper&rdquo;)
resigned as our independent registered public accounting firm.

The
audit reports of EisnerAmper on our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 28
 2019 did not contain
an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion
 and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principles.
During the fiscal years ended December 29
 2018 and December 28
 2019
 and through the subsequent interim period preceding EisnerAmper&rsquo;s
resignation
 there were no disagreements between the Company and EisnerAmper on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial
statement disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedures
 which disagreements
 if not resolved to the satisfaction of EisnerAmper would
have caused them to make reference thereto in their reports on our financial statements for such years. During the fiscal years ended
December 29
 2018 and December 28
 2019
 and through the subsequent interim period preceding EisnerAmper&rsquo;s resignation
 there were
no reportable events within the meaning set forth in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K
 except that the Company&rsquo;s internal control
over financial reporting was not effective due to the existence of the following material weaknesses
 as disclosed in the Company&rsquo;s
Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal years December 29
 2018 and December 28
 2019:



    
A
    continuing lack of sufficient resources and an insufficient level of monitoring and oversight
 which may restrict our ability to
    gather
 analyze and report information relative to the financial statements
 including but not limited to accounting estimates
 reserves
    allowances
 and income tax matters
 in a timely manner.

    
    

    
The
    limited size of the accounting department makes it impracticable to achieve an optimum separation of duties and monitoring of internal
    controls.


We
provided EisnerAmper with our disclosures in the January 8-K disclosing their resignation and requested in writing that EisnerAmper furnish
us with a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether they agree with such disclosure. A copy of EisnerAmper&rsquo;s
response was filed as Exhibit 16.1 to the January 8-K.

On
March 4
 2021 we reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K that on February 16
 2021


client acceptance procedures an engagement letter with Mazars was executed on March 3
 2021. Mazars&rsquo; appointment is for the fiscal
year ended January 2
 2021.

During
our two most recent fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and January 2
 2021 and for the subsequent interim period through February 16
2021
 neither we nor anyone on our behalf consulted Mazars regarding any of the matters set forth in Item 304(a)(2)(i) or (ii) of Regulation
SK of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.



Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures.


Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
 2021
 our company&rsquo;s interim chief executive officer and chief
financial officer conducted an evaluation regarding the effectiveness of our company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon the evaluation of these controls and procedures
our interim chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective with respect to the material weaknesses
 as described below in our internal control over financial reporting
 that have
not been fully remediated as of the end of the fiscal year 2020.

Disclosure
Controls and Internal Controls.
Act of 1934
 as amended
 Disclosure Controls are defined as meaning controls and procedures that are designed with the objective
of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
(the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 is recorded
 processed
 designed and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC&rsquo;s
rules and forms. Disclosure Controls include
 within the definition under the Exchange Act
 and without limitation
 controls and
procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports is accumulated and communicated to our management
including our interim chief executive officer and principal financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
disclosure. Internal Controls are procedures which are designed with the objective of providing reasonable assurance that (1)
our transactions are properly authorized; (2) our assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use; and (3) our transactions
are properly recorded and reported
 all to permit the preparation of our financial statements inconformity with generally accepted
accounting principles.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer and effected by our board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management&rsquo;s
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting includes using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission
 or COSO
 framework
 an integrated framework (2013) for the evaluation of internal controls issued by COSO
 to identify
the risks and control objectives related to the evaluation of our control environment.


    
    


On
February 24
 2021
 David Mintz
 the Company&rsquo;s founder and CEO passed away. Our Board of Directors has appointed Steven Kass
our CFO
 as interim CEO.&#9;

Based
on the evaluation under the frameworks described above
 Mr. Kass
 our interim chief executive officer and chief financial officer
has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of January 2
 2021 because of the following
material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting:



    
    
A
    continuing lack of sufficient resources and an insufficient level of monitoring and oversight
 which may restrict our ability
    to gather
 analyze and report information relative to the financial statements
 including but not limited to accounting estimates
    reserves
 allowances
 and income tax matters
 in a timely manner.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    limited size of the accounting department makes it impracticable to achieve an optimum separation of duties and monitoring
    of internal controls.




We
are continuing to seek ways to remediate these weaknesses
 which stem from our small workforce and limited resources.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

No
change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended January 2
 2021 that materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual
report.



Item
    9B.
Other
    Information.





    
    


PART
III



Item
    10. 
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.


Our
directors and executive officers are:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Kass
    
    
    
Interim
    Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer

Joseph
    N. Himy
    
    
    
    

Scott
    Korman
    
    
    
    

Efraim
    Mintz
    
    
    
    

Franklyn
    Snitow
    
    
    
    


Steven
Kass has been our Chief Financial Officer since November 1986 and Secretary and Treasurer since January 1987. Mr. Kass assumed
the position of interim Chief Executive Officer in March 2021
 subsequent to the death of our former Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer.

Joseph
N. Himy was elected to serve as a member of our Board of Directors and the Audit Committee on October 30
 2013 by our Board of
Directors. He has been Managing Director of The CFO Squad
 a financial and business advisory firm providing outsourced CFO advisory
and regulatory consulting services primarily for public companies since August 2011. From May 2008 until August 2011
 Mr. Himy
was Chief Financial Officer of Vyteris
 Inc.
 manufacturer of the first active transdermal patch approved by the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration for the pain associated with blood draws
 intravenous cannulations and laser ablation of superficial skin
lesions. Prior to May 2008 and from October 2004
 Mr. Himy held various other positions at Vyteris
 including Corporate Controller
and VP of Finance. Mr. Himy received a B.S. degree in Accounting from Brooklyn College of the City University of New York and
is a certified public accountant. Mr. Himy&rsquo;s accounting and financial and corporate governance experience background enhances
the breadth of experience of the board of directors.

Scott
Korman has served as a member of our Board of Directors since December 2011 and is a member of our Audit Committee. Mr. Korman
founded Nashone
 Inc.
 a private equity firm
 in 1984 and is its President. Nashone is also involved in financial advisory
 turnaround
and general management assignments. Mr. Korman previously served as Chairman of Da-Tech Corporation
 a Pennsylvania based contract
electronics manufacturer. He previously served as Chairman and CEO of Best Manufacturing Group LLC.
 a leading manufacturer and
distributor of uniforms
 napery
 service apparel
 and hospitality and healthcare textiles. Mr. Korman also served as President
and CEO of Welsh Farms Inc.
 a full-service dairy
 processing and distributing milk
 ice cream mix and ice cream products. Mr.
Korman received a B.S. degree in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania Wharton School in 1977. He also serves on the boards
of various not-for-profit groups and was the founder of the Englewood Business Forum. Mr. Korman&rsquo;s experience as a CEO of
a frozen dessert company enhances the breadth of experience of the board of directors.

Efraim
Mintz was elected to serve as a member of our Board of Directors on December 29
 2020 by our Board of Directors. He was also appointed
to serve on the Audit Committee. He is the founding Executive Director of the Rohr Jewish Learning Institute (JLI)
 the largest
network of adult education
 providing accredited courses
 seminars
 and multiple educational offerings in 2
000 chapters across
the globe since 1999. He is also the founder of the Wellness Institute
 offering mental health educational offerings and trainings
for social workers
 educators
 and parents. He oversees a network of trained and certified course developers and instructors delivering
courses accredited by the American Medical Association (AMA)
 the American Bar Association (in over 35 states)
 and the American
Psychological Association (APA). He oversees a staff of 70 program coordinators
 faculty members
 department heads
 creative marketing
and web developers and directs a network of education departments for teens
 university students
 women&rsquo;s studies
 online
learning and accredited continuing professional education.


    
    


Franklyn
Snitow has been a director since 1987. He has been a partner in the New York City law firm Snitow Kanfer &amp; Holtzer
 LLP
 our
general counsel since 1985. Mr. Snitow&rsquo;s legal and corporate governance background enhances the breadth of experience of
the board of directors.

All
directors hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified.
Officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. All of the executive officers devote their full time to our operations.

Employment
Agreements

There
are currently no employment agreements between us and any of our officers.

Family
Relationships

There
are no family relationships between any of our directors and executive officers. Mr. David Mintz was the uncle of Efraim Mintz
a member of our Board of Directors.

Involvement
in Legal Proceedings

From
time to time we may be subject to various claims and contingencies in the ordinary course of business
 including those related
to litigation
 business transactions
 employee-related matters and taxes
 and others. When we are aware of a claim or potential
claim
 we assess the likelihood of any loss or exposure. If it is probable that a loss will result and the amount of the loss
can be reasonably estimated
 we will record a liability for the loss. In addition to the estimated loss
 the recorded liability
includes probable and estimable legal costs associated with the claim or potential claim. There is no assurance that such matters
will not materially and adversely affect our business
 financial position
 and results of operations or cash flows.

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is comprised of Mr. Himy
 Mr. Korman and Mr. Mintz. Mr. Efraim Mintz became a member
of the Audit Committee upon his election to the Board. The Board of Directors has determined that all of the Audit Committee members
are independent
 as that term is defined under the enhanced independence standards for audit committee members in the Exchange
Act. The Board of Directors has also determined that each of Mr. Himy and Mr. Korman is an Audit Committee Financial Expert as
that term is defined in rules issued pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act
 as amended
 requires our executive officers
 directors and persons who own more than 10% of a registered
class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial statements of beneficial ownership
reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of common stock and other of our equity securities
on Forms 3
 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers
 directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by Commission regulations
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file.


    
    


To
our knowledge
 based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us
 or written representations from certain
reporting persons that no additional forms were required for those persons
 we believe that during fiscal 2020 all persons subject
to these reporting requirements filed the required reports on a timely basis.

Code
of Ethics

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
 which applies to directors
 officers
 employees and agents of our company.
We have also adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Officers
 which applies to our chief executive officer
 and all senior financial
officers of our company
 including the chief financial officer
 chief accounting officer or controller
 or persons performing
similar functions. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Code of Ethics for Senior Officers are publicly available on
our website at www.tofutti.com and printed copies are available upon request. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics or the Code of Ethics or grant any waivers
 including any implicit waiver
 from a provision of
these codes to our chief executive officer
 chief financial officer or corporate controller or our directors
 we will disclose
the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website.



Item
    11. 
Executive
    Compensation.


The
following table sets forth information concerning the total compensation during the last three fiscal years for our named executive
officers whose total salary in fiscal 2019 totaled $100
000 or more:

Summary
Compensation Table



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
459
000
    
    
    
    
    
459
000

    
    
450
000
    
    
    
    
    
450
000

    
    
450
000
    
    
    
    
    
450
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
127
000
    
    
    
    
    
127
000

    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
125
000

    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
125
000


*
Mr. Mintz ceased to be an executive officer upon his death in February 2021.

The
aggregate value of all other perquisites and other personal benefits furnished to each of these executive officers was less than
$10
000 in both the 2020 and 2019 fiscal years.

Employment
Agreements

We
do not currently have any employment agreements with our executive officers. We do not anticipate having employment contracts
with executive officers and key personnel in the future.

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards for Fiscal 2020

During
the fiscal year ended January 2
 2021
 no grants were made under our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan.


    
    


Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End

As
of January 2
 2021 there were no outstanding equity awards.

Director
Compensation

Our
non-employee directors earned director compensation in fiscal year ended January 2
 2021 based on the number of meetings attended.
Mr. Neal Axelrod
 chairman of the audit committee until his death in October 2020
 received $1
500 per meeting attended. Other
members of the audit committee receive $1
000 per meeting attended. All other non-employee directors are entitled to $500 per
meeting attended.

The
following table sets forth the compensation received by each of the Company&rsquo;s non-employee directors for the year ended
January 2
 2021. Each non-employee director is deemed to be independent under the Exchange Act Rule 10A-3.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
9
000
    
    
    
    
    
9
000

    
7
000
    
    
    
    
    
7
000

    
7
000
    
    
    
    
    
7
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




*&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Through October 2020.
**
As of December 29
 2020.



Item
    12. 
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.


The
following tables set forth as of April 16
 2021 certain information regarding the ownership of our common stock
 $0.01 par value
for each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of common stock
 for each executive
officer named in the Summary Compensation Table
 for each of our directors and for our executive officers and directors as a group:

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management




    
    
    

    
2
912
926
    

    
220
000
    

    
33
100
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
253
100
    




*
Less than 1%.



    
The
    address of the Estate of Mr. David Mintz and Messrs. Joseph Himy
 Steven Kass
 Efraim Mintz and Frank Snitow is c/o Tofutti
    Brands Inc.
 50 Jackson Drive
 Cranford
 Avenue
 12 Floor
    New York
 New York 10022. The address of Mr. Korman is c/o Nashone
 Inc.
 175 Elm Road
 Englewood
 NJ 07361. Each of these
    persons has sole voting and/or investment power of the shares attributed to him.



    
    




    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting
    or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock relating to options currently exercisable or exercisable
    within 60 days of April 16
 2021 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such securities
    but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Except as indicated by footnote
 and subject
    to community property laws where applicable
 the persons named in the table above have sole voting and investment power with
    respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them.

    
Based
    on 5
153
706 shares issued and outstanding as of April 16
 2021.

    
Includes
    282
486 shares issuable upon conversion of a $500
000 note between the estate of Mr. Mintz and the company.




Item
    13. 
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.


In
order to provide our company with additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 our then Chairman and Chief Executive
provided us with a loan of $500
000
 which has been extended to come due on December 31
 2022. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest
of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium
or penalty. The loan is convertible into our common stock at a conversion price of $1.77 per share
 the closing price of our common
stock on the OTCQB on the date the promissory note was extended.

In
the event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz&rsquo;s estate
 the interest
rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all of our other obligations
under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
 and the estate of Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and
all remedies available to him. The loan is secured by is secured by substantially all of our assets. 



Item
    14. 
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services.


Set
forth below are the aggregate fees billed by EisnerAmper LLP
 our former independent registered accounting firm
 for the fiscal
years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019 for services rendered by them as our independent registered accounting firm for such
years.



    
    
    

    
114
400
93
600

    
    
    

    
114
400
93
600

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
114
400
93
600




 Mazars USA LLP has
billed us $50
000 for the fiscal year ended January 2
 2021 for services rendered to us subsequent to January 2
 2021 as
our independent registered accounting firm.

Audit
fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of our financial statements
included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services provided in connection with other statutory or regulatory filings.

Audit-related
fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
review of our financial statements and not reported under Audit fees. No such fees were billed in fiscal 2020 or 2019.

Tax
fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to the preparation of our U.S. federal and state income tax returns
and tax advice. No such fees were billed by EisnerAmper LLP in fiscal 2020 or 2019. The Audit Committee pre-approved all Audit-related
fees. After considering the provision of services encompassed within the above disclosures about fees
 the Audit Committee has
determined that the provision of such services is compatible with maintaining EisnerAmper&rsquo;s independence.

The
Audit Committee&rsquo;s policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit related services
 tax services and other services. Pre-approval
is generally provided for up to one year
 and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services
and is generally subject to a specific budget. The Audit Committee has delegated the pre-approval authority to its chairperson
when expedition of services is necessary. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically
report to the full Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm
in accordance with this pre-approval and the fees for the services performed to date.


    
    




Item
    15. 
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules.




(a)
    
Financial
    Statements

    
    

    
See
    Item 8.

    
    

(b)
    
Financial
    Statement Schedules

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Certificate of Incorporation
 as amended through June 1993(1)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
 as amended

    
Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
 as amended

    
Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
Certification by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
Instance
    Document

    
Schema
    Document

    
Calculation
    Linkbase Document

    
Definition
    Linkbase Document

    
Labels
    Linkbase Document

    
Presentation
    Linkbase Document






    
Filed
    as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30
 2017 and hereby incorporated by
    reference thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30
 2017 and hereby incorporated by
    reference thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as Appendix A to the Proxy Statement filed as the Registrant&rsquo;s Schedule 14A filed May 14
 2014 and hereby incorporated
    by reference thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 8-K bearing a cover date of January 10
 2020 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 8-K bearing a cover date of January 10
 2020 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized on April 19
 2021.



    
TOFUTTI
    BRANDS INC.

    
    

    
    

    
/s/
    Steven Kass

    
Steven
    Kass
 Interim

    
Chief
    Executive Officer


In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Report has been signed below on April 19
 2021 by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated.



/s/
    Steven Kass
    

Steven
                                         Kass
Interim
Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer and Chief Financial and Principal Accounting Officer
    

    
    

/s/
    Efraim Mintz
    

Efraim
                                         Mintz
        
    

    
    

/s/
    Joseph N. Himy
    

Joseph
                                         N. Himy
        
    

    
    

/s/
    Scott Korman
    

Scott
                                         Korman
        
    

    
    

/s/
    Franklyn Snitow
    

Franklyn
                                         Snitow
        
    



    













     



EXHIBIT
23.1


Public Accounting Firm


the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-198917) of our report dated April 19
 2021
 related to the financial statements of Tofutti
Brands
 Inc. as of January 2
 2021 and for the fiscal year then ended
 which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.




 New Jersey

 2021


    













     



EXHIBIT
23.2


CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Tofutti Brands
 Inc. on Form S-8 (No. 333-198197) of
our report dated April 21
 2020
 on our audit of the financial statements as of December 28
 2019 and for the fiscal year then
ended
 which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about April 19
 2021.



/s/
EisnerAmper LLP

EISNERAMPER
LLP
Philadelphia
Pennsylvania
April
19
 2021


    













     



Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Steven Kass
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tofutti Brands Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent function):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:
April 19
 2021



/s/
    Steven Kass *
    

Steven
    Kass
    

Interim
    Chief Executive Officer
    


*The
originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made available for
inspection upon request.


    













     



Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO&nbsp;
SECTION
302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Steven Kass
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tofutti Brands Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent function):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:
April 19
 2021



/s/
    Steven Kass *
    

Steven
    Kass
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    


*The
originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made available for
inspection upon request.


    













     



Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Tofutti Brands Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending January
2
 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Steven Kass
 Interim
Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.



/s/
    Steven Kass *
    

Steven
    Kass
    

Interim
    Chief Executive Officer
    

Date:
    April 19
 2021
    


*
The originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made
available for inspection upon request.

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall
not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.


    













     



Exhibit
32.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Tofutti Brands Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending January
2
 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Steven Kass
 Chief
Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.



/s/
    Steven Kass*
    

Steven
    Kass
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    


Date:
April 19
 2021

*
The originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made
available for inspection upon request.

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall
not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.


    























        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      


      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    


    

    






    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    


    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw materials and packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1


&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28
 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Manufacturing equipment installed at co-packer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment

 2021 and December 28
&#13;2019 was $10 and $5


 options and other stock-based awards for these purposes. The 2014 Plan made 250
000 shares of common stock available&#13;for awards. The 2014 Plan also permits performance-based 2014 awards paid under it to be tax deductible under Section 162(m) of the Internal&#13;Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 as &amp;#8220;performance-based compensation.&amp;#8221; The Company had issued 80
000 non-qualified stock option&#13;awards under the 2014 Plan

 2018&#13;to January 2

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding and exercisable at December 28
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expired during fiscal year 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding and exercisable at January 2


 suppliers and co-packers may experience similar disruption. In December 2019
&#13;a novel strain of the Coronavirus
 COVID-19
 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China
 which has evolved into a pandemic. This situation&#13;and preventative or protective actions that governments have taken to counter the effects of the pandemic have resulted in a period of&#13;business disruption
 including delays in shipments of products and raw materials. COVID-19 has spread to over 180 countries
 including&#13;the United States
 and efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19 have intensified. To the extent the impact of COVID-19 continues or worsens
&#13;the demand for the Company&amp;#8217;s products may be negatively impacted
 and it and its co-packers may have difficulty obtaining the materials&#13;necessary for the production of its products. In addition
 the production facilities of the Company&amp;#8217;s co-packers may be closed for&#13;sustained periods of time and industry-wide shipment of products may be negatively impacted. COVID-19 has also impacted the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;sales efforts as its ability to make sales calls is constrained. The Company&amp;#8217;s ability to promote sales through promotional activities&#13;has also been constrained as many supermarkets are understaffed and unable to change pricing for items in stock
 resulting in the cancelation&#13;of all sales promotional discounts for the foreseeable future. Trade food shows and sales conferences
 major events used to introduce&#13;and sell the Company&amp;#8217;s products
 have been postponed indefinitely. The length and severity of the pandemic could also affect the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s regular sales


 as follows: Payment term discounts
 off-invoice allowance
&#13;manufacturer chargeback
 freight allowance
 spoilage discounts

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Revenues by geography:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Americas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Middle East&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Asia Pacific and Africa&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cheeses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Frozen Desserts and Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13


&#13;the development


 which is the development
 production and marketing&#13;of soy and other vegetable protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts


 2021 and December 28
 2019
 fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019


 sales promotion accruals


&#13;vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products. The Company recognizes revenue when control over the products transfers to its&#13;customers
 deemed to be the performance obligation
 which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. The Company accounts&#13;for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue&#13;and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns. Known&#13;or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of sale. The Company&#13;bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such&#13;as trade incentives and product returns

 such as pricing and quantities ordered
 are established&#13;on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter duration. As such




 2021 and December 28
 2019
 the&#13;Company derived approximately 89% and 87% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in both periods were exports to foreign countries.&#13;The accounts receivable balance of two customers represented approximately 54% of total accounts receivable at January 2
 2021 and the&#13;accounts receivable balance of two customers represented approximately 39% of total accounts receivable at December 28
 2019. In addition
&#13;a significant portion of the Company&amp;#8217;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies with numerous&#13;divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 54% and 44% of the Company&amp;#8217;s net sales&#13;for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28


 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated&#13;at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than&#13;the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including&#13;the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
 the Company&amp;#8217;s previous loss history
 the customer&amp;#8217;s current ability&#13;to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts&#13;receivable when they become uncollectible




 which would account for a potential 282
486 shares to&#13;be issued upon conversion. The convertible note for 282
486 shares was included in the calculation of fully diluted earnings. For the&#13;fiscal year ended December 28
 2019
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares and a convertible note for 124


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income
 numerator
 basic computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income
 numerator
 diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares - denominator basic computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of convertible note&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5


 which primarily consist of cash
 accounts receivable
 SBA note payable


 2020 the Company&#13;received from the SBA a loan of $165 from the Paycheck Protection Program at an interest rate of 1%. Interest and payments were deferred&#13;until March 4
 2021. While the Company anticipates that most
 if not all of this loan will be forgiven there is no certainty that will&#13;be the case. The current portion of the loan was $112 as of January 2
 2021 and the loan will expire on May 2


 2021 and December 29
 2018



 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income
 numerator
 basic computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income
 numerator
 diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares - denominator basic computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of convertible note&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5


&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw materials and packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1


&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28
 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Manufacturing equipment installed at co-packer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment


 2018&#13;to January 2

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding and exercisable at December 28
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expired during fiscal year 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding and exercisable at January 2


 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28


 2021



 2021 and December 28

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28


 2021 and December 28
 2019
 respectively

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal income tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income taxes


 2021 and December&#13;28

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right of use asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal and state net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax asset



&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;    &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable-related party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current maturity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable related party


 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Revenues by geography:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Americas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Middle East&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Asia Pacific and Africa&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13


 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cheeses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Frozen Desserts and Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13

    
    

 2021 and December 28

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Increase due to reserves and tax positions related to current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at December 28
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Increase due to reserves and tax positions related to current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at January 2

    
    
    

&#13;the development

 which is the development
 production and marketing&#13;of soy and other vegetable protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts

 2021 and December 28
 2019
 fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019

 sales promotion accruals


&#13;vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products. The Company recognizes revenue when control over the products transfers to its&#13;customers
 deemed to be the performance obligation
 which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. The Company accounts&#13;for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue&#13;and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns. Known&#13;or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of sale. The Company&#13;bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such&#13;as trade incentives and product returns

 such as pricing and quantities ordered
 are established&#13;on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter duration. As such



 2021 and December 28
 2019
 the&#13;Company derived approximately 89% and 87% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in both periods were exports to foreign countries.&#13;The accounts receivable balance of two customers represented approximately 54% of total accounts receivable at January 2
 2021 and the&#13;accounts receivable balance of two customers represented approximately 39% of total accounts receivable at December 28
 2019. In addition
&#13;a significant portion of the Company&amp;#8217;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies with numerous&#13;divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 54% and 44% of the Company&amp;#8217;s net sales&#13;for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28

 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated&#13;at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than&#13;the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including&#13;the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
 the Company&amp;#8217;s previous loss history
 the customer&amp;#8217;s current ability&#13;to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts&#13;receivable when they become uncollectible

 2021 and December&#13;28
 2019


 which would account for a potential 282
486 shares to&#13;be issued upon conversion. The convertible note for 282
486 shares was included in the calculation of fully diluted earnings. For the&#13;fiscal year ended December 28
 2019
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares and a convertible note for 124


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income
 numerator
 basic computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income
 numerator
 diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares - denominator basic computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of convertible note&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5

 which primarily consist of cash
 accounts receivable
 SBA note payable

 2020 the Company&#13;received from the SBA a loan of $165 from the Paycheck Protection Program at an interest rate of 1%. Interest and payments were deferred&#13;until March 4
 2021. While the Company anticipates that most
 if not all of this loan will be forgiven there is no certainty that will&#13;be the case. The current portion of the loan was $112 as of January 2
 2021 and the loan will expire on May 2

037 and $920 during the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019

 2021 and December 28
 2019

 2021 and December 29
 2018

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit&#13;Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments in this Update require a new topic to be added&#13;(Topic 326) to the Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) and removes the thresholds that entities apply to measure credit&#13;losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost
 such as loans
 trade receivables
 reinsurance recoverables
 and off-balance-sheet&#13;credit exposures
 and held-to-maturity securities. Under current U.S. GAAP
 entities generally recognize credit losses when it is probable&#13;that the loss has been incurred. The guidance under ASU 2016-13 will remove all current recognition thresholds and will require entities&#13;under the new current expected credit loss (&amp;#8220;CECL&amp;#8221;) model to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between&#13;the amortized cost basis of a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that an entity expects to collect over the instrument&amp;#8217;s&#13;contractual life. The new CECL model is based upon expected losses rather than incurred losses. Additionally
 the credit loss recognition&#13;guidance for available-for-sale securities is amended and will require that credit losses on such debt securities should be recognized&#13;as an allowance for credit losses rather than a direct write-down of amortized cost balance. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2022

 the FASB issued ASU 2020-06
 Debt-Debt with Conversion&#13;and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity&amp;#8217;s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40)-Accounting for&#13;Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Equity&amp;#8217;s Own Equity. For convertible instruments
 the Board decided to reduce the number&#13;of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer&#13;embedded conversion features being separately recognized from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. The Board concluded that&#13;eliminating certain accounting models simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments
 reduces complexity for preparers and practitioners
&#13;and improves the decision usefulness and relevance to financial statement users. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after&#13;December 15
 2023




 2021 and December&#13;28
 2019


037 and $920 during the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019


 2021 and December 28
 2019


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit&#13;Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments in this Update require a new topic to be added&#13;(Topic 326) to the Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) and removes the thresholds that entities apply to measure credit&#13;losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost
 such as loans
 trade receivables
 reinsurance recoverables
 and off-balance-sheet&#13;credit exposures
 and held-to-maturity securities. Under current U.S. GAAP
 entities generally recognize credit losses when it is probable&#13;that the loss has been incurred. The guidance under ASU 2016-13 will remove all current recognition thresholds and will require entities&#13;under the new current expected credit loss (&amp;#8220;CECL&amp;#8221;) model to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between&#13;the amortized cost basis of a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that an entity expects to collect over the instrument&amp;#8217;s&#13;contractual life. The new CECL model is based upon expected losses rather than incurred losses. Additionally
 the credit loss recognition&#13;guidance for available-for-sale securities is amended and will require that credit losses on such debt securities should be recognized&#13;as an allowance for credit losses rather than a direct write-down of amortized cost balance. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2022

 the FASB issued ASU 2020-06
 Debt-Debt with Conversion&#13;and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity&amp;#8217;s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40)-Accounting for&#13;Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Equity&amp;#8217;s Own Equity. For convertible instruments
 the Board decided to reduce the number&#13;of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer&#13;embedded conversion features being separately recognized from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. The Board concluded that&#13;eliminating certain accounting models simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments
 reduces complexity for preparers and practitioners
&#13;and improves the decision usefulness and relevance to financial statement users. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after&#13;December 15
 2023


&#13;New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses its administrative offices
 a warehouse
 walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product&#13;development laboratory and test kitchen. The Company&amp;#8217;s original lease agreement expired on July 1
 1999
 but it continues to occupy&#13;the premises on a monthly basis. Any changes by either the landlord or the Company remains subject to a six-month notification period.&#13;The Company currently has no plans to enter into a long-term lease agreement for the facility. Rent expense was $78 in fiscal 2020 and&#13;$77 in fiscal 2019. The Company&amp;#8217;s management believes that the Cranford facility will continue to satisfy its space requirements&#13;for the foreseeable future and if necessary
 such space can be replaced without a significant impact to the business. The Company rents&#13;warehouse storage space at various outside facilities. Outside warehouse expenses amounted to $468 or the year ended January 2
 2021 compared&#13;to $458 for the year ended December 28



 an internal incremental borrowing rate is determined based on information available at lease commencement date&#13;for purposes of determining the present value of lease payments. The Company used the incremental borrowing rate on December 29

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28

 2021



 2021 and December 28

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28

 2021 and December 28
 2019
 respectively

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal income tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income taxes

 2021 and December&#13;28

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 28
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right of use asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal and state net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax asset



 2021 and December 28

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Increase due to reserves and tax positions related to current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at December 28
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at January 2



 2020 the Company received from the SBA a loan of $165 from the&#13;Paycheck Protection Program at an interest rate of 1%. Interest and payments were deferred until March 4
 2021 The current portion of&#13;the loan was $112 as of January 2
 2021 and the loan will expire on May 2

 2016
 David Mintz
 the Company&amp;#8217;s former&#13;Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided the Company with a loan of $500. The loan
 which was originally set to expire on December 31
 2017&#13;has been extended to December 31
 2022 effective January 10
 2020. The original loan was convertible into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of its common stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory&#13;note was first entered into. The extended loan is
 at the option of the holder
 convertible into the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a&#13;conversion price of $1.77 per share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of the extension of the promissory&#13;note. No other terms of the loan were modified. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding.&#13;The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. In any event of default
 as defined in the promissory&#13;note
 without any action on the part of the estate of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal&#13;and interest balance under the loan
 and all of the Company&amp;#8217;s other obligations under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;    &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable-related party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current maturity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable related party






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and sales promotions of $457 and $407



      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      



000 shares




000
000 shares
 issued and outstanding 5
153



      


      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      





      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      






      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      

      



 numerator



      



 numerator


      


      




      

      


      


      




      


      


      





      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      


 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents


      








 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Operating Lease
 Liability


      







      


 Related Parties




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jan. 02
 2021
Apr. 19
 2021
Jun. 27
 2020








































  2021
















































































































632
000



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



153
706


















































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019











459





Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and sales promotions of $457 and $407
 respectively

078


819





997


929












622


382



Equipment
 net





























083


026




















































SBA loan payable
 net of current portion















659


198










Preferred stock - par value $.01 per share; authorized 100
000 shares
 none issued and outstanding






Common stock - par value $.01 per share; authorized 15
000
000 shares
 issued and outstanding 5
153
706 shares















165


569





424


828





083


026




































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.





















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.






















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019
















Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

153
706


153
706



Common stock
 shares outstanding

153
706


153
706







Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019











815


130





562


093





253


037












187


632



















692


626





377


929















































154


154





456


154





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))

















































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.


















































































































Expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.

























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Balance at Dec. 29
 2018





491


750



Balance
 shares at Dec. 29
 2018

153
706




















Balance at Dec. 28
 2019





569


828



Balance
 shares at Dec. 28
 2019

153
706




















Balance at Jan. 02
 2021





165


424



Balance
 shares at Jan. 02
 2021

153
706













The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019












































































































































































459



































































































































































































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.






















































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.















































































































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021







NOTE 1: DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES

 - Tofutti is engaged in one business segment
the development
 production and marketing of dairy free frozen desserts and other food products.

The Company reports on operating segments in
accordance with standards for public companies to report information about operating segments and geographic distribution of sales in
financial statements. The Company has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing
of soy and other vegetable protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy and other vegetable protein-based
cheese products.

 - The Company operates on a fiscal year ending on the
Saturday closest to December 31st. Fiscal years for the financial statements included herein are the fifty-three week and fifty-two week
fiscal periods ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019
 respectively.

 - The preparation of the financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include
allowance for doubtful accounts
 sales promotion accruals
 inventory reserves and reserves for uncertain tax positions. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

Additions are recorded at cost. Depreciation
is provided by charges to income using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the equipment
 which is ten years.
Ordinary maintenance and repair costs are expensed in the year incurred.

 &#8211; The Company primarily sells dairy free
vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products. The Company recognizes revenue when control over the products transfers to its
customers
 deemed to be the performance obligation
 which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. The Company accounts
for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue
and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns. Known
or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of sale. The Company
bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such
as trade incentives and product returns
 are monitored and adjusted each period until the incentives or product returns are realized.


 such as pricing and quantities ordered
 are established
on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter duration. As such
 we do not
capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies.
The Company generally does not have any unbilled receivables at the end of a period.

 - Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and unsecured trade receivables. During the
year
 the Company&#8217;s cash balance at one of the two financial institutions it utilizes exceeded the FDIC limit of $250.


condition and does not require collateral. Management believes that credit risk beyond the established allowances at January 2
 2021 is
limited.


 2021 and December 28
 2019
 the
Company derived approximately 89% and 87% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in both periods were exports to foreign countries.
The accounts receivable balance of two customers represented approximately 54% of total accounts receivable at January 2
 2021 and the
accounts receivable balance of two customers represented approximately 39% of total accounts receivable at December 28
 2019. In addition
a significant portion of the Company&#8217;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies with numerous
divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 54% and 44% of the Company&#8217;s net sales
for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019.

The majority of the Company&#8217;s accounts
receivables are due from distributors (domestic and international) and retailers. Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customers&#8217;
financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated
at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than
the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including
the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
 the Company&#8217;s previous loss history
 the customer&#8217;s current ability
to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts
receivable when they become uncollectible
 and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the bad debt expense.
The Company does not accrue interest on accounts receivable past due.

- Inventory is stated at lower of cost or net realizable
value determined by first in first out (FIFO) method. Inventories in excess of future demand or approaching expiration are written down
and charged to the provision for inventories.


from one supplier and 16% and 19% of its finished products from another supplier during the periods ended January 2
 2021 and December
28
 2019
 respectively.

 - Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is
recorded if there is uncertainty as to the realization of deferred tax assets. The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial
statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&#8217;s assessment is that the position is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221;
(i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position.
The term &#8220;tax position&#8221; refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future
tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.

- Basic earnings per common share has been computed
by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
 which would account for a potential 282
486 shares to
be issued upon conversion. The convertible note for 282
486 shares was included in the calculation of fully diluted earnings. For the
fiscal year ended December 28
 2019
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares and a convertible note for 124
688 shares were excluded from diluted
earnings per share calculations since the effect was anti-dilutive.



    
    

    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    

    
    
December 28
 2019
    

Net income
 numerator
 basic computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net income
 numerator
 diluted computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
    
    
5
436
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 - The fair value of financial
instruments
 which primarily consist of cash
 accounts receivable
 SBA note payable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses are stated
at their carrying values. The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of those instruments.

 - On May 2
 2020 the Company
received from the SBA a loan of $165 from the Paycheck Protection Program at an interest rate of 1%. Interest and payments were deferred
until March 4
 2021. While the Company anticipates that most
 if not all of this loan will be forgiven there is no certainty that will
be the case. The current portion of the loan was $112 as of January 2
 2021 and the loan will expire on May 2
 2022.

- Freight costs to ship inventory to customers and
to outside warehouses amounted to $1
037 and $920 during the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 respectively. Such
costs are included in costs of sales.

 - The Company expenses advertising costs as they
are incurred. Advertising expenses amounted to $209 and $182 during the fiscal years January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 respectively.

 - Costs of new product development and
product redesign are charged to expense as incurred. Product development costs amounted to $240 and $324 during the fiscal years ended
January 2
 2021 and December 29
 2018
 respectively.

 &#8211; The Company considers the
applicability and impact of all Accounting Standard Updates (&#8220;ASUs&#8221;). ASUs not discussed below were assessed and determined
to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on the Company&#8217;s balance sheets or statements of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit
Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments in this Update require a new topic to be added
(Topic 326) to the Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) and removes the thresholds that entities apply to measure credit
losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost
 such as loans
 trade receivables
 reinsurance recoverables
 and off-balance-sheet
credit exposures
 and held-to-maturity securities. Under current U.S. GAAP
 entities generally recognize credit losses when it is probable
that the loss has been incurred. The guidance under ASU 2016-13 will remove all current recognition thresholds and will require entities
under the new current expected credit loss (&#8220;CECL&#8221;) model to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between
the amortized cost basis of a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that an entity expects to collect over the instrument&#8217;s
contractual life. The new CECL model is based upon expected losses rather than incurred losses. Additionally
 the credit loss recognition
guidance for available-for-sale securities is amended and will require that credit losses on such debt securities should be recognized
as an allowance for credit losses rather than a direct write-down of amortized cost balance. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the effect that this new guidance
will have on our financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU 2020-06
 Debt-Debt with Conversion
and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity&#8217;s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40)-Accounting for
Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Equity&#8217;s Own Equity. For convertible instruments
 the Board decided to reduce the number
of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer
embedded conversion features being separately recognized from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. The Board concluded that
eliminating certain accounting models simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments
 reduces complexity for preparers and practitioners
and improves the decision usefulness and relevance to financial statement users. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15
 2023
 including interim periods within those fiscal years.



































The entire disclosure for the business description and accounting policies concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity. Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021













    
    
January 2

2021
    
    
December 28

2019
    

    
    
    
1
320
    
    
    
1
187
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
997
    
    
    
1
929
    
  



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]











    
    
January 2

2021
    
    
December 28

2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equipment
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2021 and December 28
2019 was $10 and $5
 &#9;respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021










provides for grants of various types of awards that are designed to attract and retain highly qualified personnel who will contribute
to the success of the Company and to provide incentives to participants in the 2014 Plan that are linked directly to increases in shareholder
value which will therefore inure to the benefit of all shareholders of the Company. The Company intends to rely on a combination of multi-year
performance awards
 options and other stock-based awards for these purposes. The 2014 Plan made 250
000 shares of common stock available
for awards. The 2014 Plan also permits performance-based 2014 awards paid under it to be tax deductible under Section 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 as &#8220;performance-based compensation.&#8221; The Company had issued 80
000 non-qualified stock option
awards under the 2014 Plan
 all of which expired in fiscal 2020.


 2018
to January 2
 2021:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
Exercise Price ($)
    

Outstanding at December 29
 2018
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding and exercisable at December 28
 2019
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding and exercisable at January 2
 2021
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021










New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses its administrative offices
 a warehouse
 walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product
development laboratory and test kitchen. The Company&#8217;s original lease agreement expired on July 1
 1999
 but it continues to occupy
the premises on a monthly basis. Any changes by either the landlord or the Company remains subject to a six-month notification period.
The Company currently has no plans to enter into a long-term lease agreement for the facility. Rent expense was $78 in fiscal 2020 and
$77 in fiscal 2019. The Company&#8217;s management believes that the Cranford facility will continue to satisfy its space requirements
for the foreseeable future and if necessary
 such space can be replaced without a significant impact to the business. The Company rents
warehouse storage space at various outside facilities. Outside warehouse expenses amounted to $468 or the year ended January 2
 2021 compared
to $458 for the year ended December 28
 2019.


 operating lease expense is generally recognized evenly
over the term of the lease. The Company has operating leases primarily consisting of facilities with remaining lease terms of approximately
two to four years. The Company does not have the option to terminate the leases early.


the balance sheet. For lease agreements entered into or reassessed after the adoption of Topic 842
 the Company has combined the lease
and non-lease components in determining the lease liabilities and ROU assets.


borrowing rate; therefore
 an internal incremental borrowing rate is determined based on information available at lease commencement date
for purposes of determining the present value of lease payments. The Company used the incremental borrowing rate on December 29
 2018
of 5.5% for all leases that commenced prior to that date.


in the balance sheet as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



on the balance sheet as of January 2
 2021
 for the following three fiscal years and thereafter are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 2
 2021
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
  



































The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021










2
 2021 and December 28
 2019 are as follows:



    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



tax rate of 21% and the Company&#8217;s actual tax expense for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 respectively
follows:



    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2021 and December
28
 2019 consist of the following components:



    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred tax asset
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2021 the Company had $0 federal net operating loss carryforwards
and $0 of state operating loss carryforwards.


for an uncertain tax position only if management&#8217;s assessment is that the position is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; (i.e.
a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be sustained by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The
term &#8220;tax position&#8221; refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax
return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.


tax positions for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019:



Balance at December 29
 2018
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 28
 2019
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at January 2
 2021
    
    
    
    



positions as part of its provision for income taxes. The amount of uncertain tax positions that would affect the effective tax rate if
they were recognized is $172. The liability at January 2
 2021 uncertain tax positions is included in accrued expenses. The Company is
no longer subject to federal and state examinations for fiscal years before 2017.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021












 2020 the Company received from the SBA a loan of $165 from the
Paycheck Protection Program at an interest rate of 1%. Interest and payments were deferred until March 4
 2021 The current portion of
the loan was $112 as of January 2
 2021 and the loan will expire on May 2
 2022.




 2016
 David Mintz
 the Company&#8217;s former
Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided the Company with a loan of $500. The loan
 which was originally set to expire on December 31
 2017
has been extended to December 31
 2022 effective January 10
 2020. The original loan was convertible into shares of the Company&#8217;s
common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of its common stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory
note was first entered into. The extended loan is
 at the option of the holder
 convertible into the Company&#8217;s common stock at a
conversion price of $1.77 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of the extension of the promissory
note. No other terms of the loan were modified. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding.
The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. In any event of default
 as defined in the promissory
note
 without any action on the part of the estate of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal
and interest balance under the loan
 and all of the Company&#8217;s other obligations under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
and the estate of Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies available to it.




    
    

January 2

    
    
    

December 28

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable related party
 net of current maturity
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021










15 foreign countries and may be impacted by public health crises beyond its control. This could disrupt its operations and negatively
impact sales of its products. The Company&#8217;s customers
 suppliers and co-packers may experience similar disruption. In December 2019
a novel strain of the Coronavirus
 COVID-19
 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China
 which has evolved into a pandemic. This situation
and preventative or protective actions that governments have taken to counter the effects of the pandemic have resulted in a period of
business disruption
 including delays in shipments of products and raw materials. COVID-19 has spread to over 180 countries
 including
the United States
 and efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19 have intensified. To the extent the impact of COVID-19 continues or worsens
the demand for the Company&#8217;s products may be negatively impacted
 and it and its co-packers may have difficulty obtaining the materials
necessary for the production of its products. In addition
 the production facilities of the Company&#8217;s co-packers may be closed for
sustained periods of time and industry-wide shipment of products may be negatively impacted. COVID-19 has also impacted the Company&#8217;s
sales efforts as its ability to make sales calls is constrained. The Company&#8217;s ability to promote sales through promotional activities
has also been constrained as many supermarkets are understaffed and unable to change pricing for items in stock
 resulting in the cancelation
of all sales promotional discounts for the foreseeable future. Trade food shows and sales conferences
 major events used to introduce
and sell the Company&#8217;s products
 have been postponed indefinitely. The length and severity of the pandemic could also affect the
Company&#8217;s regular sales
 which could in turn result in reduced sales and a lower gross margin.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021










when the goods are shipped to the customer and net of all applicable discounts
 as follows: Payment term discounts
 off-invoice allowance
manufacturer chargeback
 freight allowance
 spoilage discounts
 and product returns.



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
272
    
    
    
12
338
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
815
    
    
    
13
130
    



revenue is attributable to the United States. All of the Company&#8217;s assets are located in the United States.



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
11
669
    
    
    
11
241
    

    
    
    
2
140
    
    
    
1
889
    

    
    
    
13
815
    
    
    
13
130
    
  



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021







 - Tofutti is engaged in one business segment
the development
 production and marketing of dairy free frozen desserts and other food products.




The Company reports on operating segments in
accordance with standards for public companies to report information about operating segments and geographic distribution of sales in
financial statements. The Company has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing
of soy and other vegetable protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy and other vegetable protein-based
cheese products.




 - The Company operates on a fiscal year ending on the
Saturday closest to December 31st. Fiscal years for the financial statements included herein are the fifty-three week and fifty-two week
fiscal periods ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019
 respectively.




 - The preparation of the financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include
allowance for doubtful accounts
 sales promotion accruals
 inventory reserves and reserves for uncertain tax positions. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.




Additions are recorded at cost. Depreciation
is provided by charges to income using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the equipment
 which is ten years.
Ordinary maintenance and repair costs are expensed in the year incurred.




 &#8211; The Company primarily sells dairy free
vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products. The Company recognizes revenue when control over the products transfers to its
customers
 deemed to be the performance obligation
 which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. The Company accounts
for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue
and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns. Known
or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of sale. The Company
bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such
as trade incentives and product returns
 are monitored and adjusted each period until the incentives or product returns are realized.


 such as pricing and quantities ordered
 are established
on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter duration. As such
 we do not
capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies.
The Company generally does not have any unbilled receivables at the end of a period.




 - Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and unsecured trade receivables. During the
year
 the Company&#8217;s cash balance at one of the two financial institutions it utilizes exceeded the FDIC limit of $250.


condition and does not require collateral. Management believes that credit risk beyond the established allowances at January 2
 2021 is
limited.


 2021 and December 28
 2019
 the
Company derived approximately 89% and 87% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in both periods were exports to foreign countries.
The accounts receivable balance of two customers represented approximately 54% of total accounts receivable at January 2
 2021 and the
accounts receivable balance of two customers represented approximately 39% of total accounts receivable at December 28
 2019. In addition
a significant portion of the Company&#8217;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies with numerous
divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 54% and 44% of the Company&#8217;s net sales
for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019.




The majority of the Company&#8217;s accounts
receivables are due from distributors (domestic and international) and retailers. Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customers&#8217;
financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated
at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than
the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including
the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
 the Company&#8217;s previous loss history
 the customer&#8217;s current ability
to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts
receivable when they become uncollectible
 and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the bad debt expense.
The Company does not accrue interest on accounts receivable past due.




- Inventory is stated at lower of cost or net realizable
value determined by first in first out (FIFO) method. Inventories in excess of future demand or approaching expiration are written down
and charged to the provision for inventories.


from one supplier and 16% and 19% of its finished products from another supplier during the periods ended January 2
 2021 and December
28
 2019
 respectively.




 - Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is
recorded if there is uncertainty as to the realization of deferred tax assets. The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial
statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&#8217;s assessment is that the position is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221;
(i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position.
The term &#8220;tax position&#8221; refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future
tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.




- Basic earnings per common share has been computed
by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
 which would account for a potential 282
486 shares to
be issued upon conversion. The convertible note for 282
486 shares was included in the calculation of fully diluted earnings. For the
fiscal year ended December 28
 2019
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares and a convertible note for 124
688 shares were excluded from diluted
earnings per share calculations since the effect was anti-dilutive.



    
    

    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    

    
    
December 28
 2019
    

Net income
 numerator
 basic computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net income
 numerator
 diluted computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
    
    
5
436
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  




 - The fair value of financial
instruments
 which primarily consist of cash
 accounts receivable
 SBA note payable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses are stated
at their carrying values. The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of those instruments.




 - On May 2
 2020 the Company
received from the SBA a loan of $165 from the Paycheck Protection Program at an interest rate of 1%. Interest and payments were deferred
until March 4
 2021. While the Company anticipates that most
 if not all of this loan will be forgiven there is no certainty that will
be the case. The current portion of the loan was $112 as of January 2
 2021 and the loan will expire on May 2
 2022.




- Freight costs to ship inventory to customers and
to outside warehouses amounted to $1
037 and $920 during the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 respectively. Such
costs are included in costs of sales.




 - The Company expenses advertising costs as they
are incurred. Advertising expenses amounted to $209 and $182 during the fiscal years January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 respectively.




 - Costs of new product development and
product redesign are charged to expense as incurred. Product development costs amounted to $240 and $324 during the fiscal years ended
January 2
 2021 and December 29
 2018
 respectively.




 &#8211; The Company considers the
applicability and impact of all Accounting Standard Updates (&#8220;ASUs&#8221;). ASUs not discussed below were assessed and determined
to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on the Company&#8217;s balance sheets or statements of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit
Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments in this Update require a new topic to be added
(Topic 326) to the Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) and removes the thresholds that entities apply to measure credit
losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost
 such as loans
 trade receivables
 reinsurance recoverables
 and off-balance-sheet
credit exposures
 and held-to-maturity securities. Under current U.S. GAAP
 entities generally recognize credit losses when it is probable
that the loss has been incurred. The guidance under ASU 2016-13 will remove all current recognition thresholds and will require entities
under the new current expected credit loss (&#8220;CECL&#8221;) model to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between
the amortized cost basis of a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that an entity expects to collect over the instrument&#8217;s
contractual life. The new CECL model is based upon expected losses rather than incurred losses. Additionally
 the credit loss recognition
guidance for available-for-sale securities is amended and will require that credit losses on such debt securities should be recognized
as an allowance for credit losses rather than a direct write-down of amortized cost balance. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the effect that this new guidance
will have on our financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU 2020-06
 Debt-Debt with Conversion
and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity&#8217;s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40)-Accounting for
Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Equity&#8217;s Own Equity. For convertible instruments
 the Board decided to reduce the number
of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer
embedded conversion features being separately recognized from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. The Board concluded that
eliminating certain accounting models simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments
 reduces complexity for preparers and practitioners
and improves the decision usefulness and relevance to financial statement users. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15
 2023
 including interim periods within those fiscal years.























































































































































Disclosure of accounting policy related to debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 debt issuance costs
 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing debt issuance costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for determining an entity's fiscal year or other fiscal period. This disclosure may include identification of the fiscal period end-date
 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and financing receivable.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021






Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted


    
    

    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    

    
    
December 28
 2019
    

Net income
 numerator
 basic computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net income
 numerator
 diluted computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
    
    
5
436
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021











    
    
January 2

2021
    
    
December 28

2019
    

    
    
    
1
320
    
    
    
1
187
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
997
    
    
    
1
929
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]









    
    
January 2

2021
    
    
December 28

2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equipment
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021







The following is a summary of stock option activity from December 29
 2018
to January 2
 2021:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
Exercise Price ($)
    

Outstanding at December 29
 2018
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding and exercisable at December 28
 2019
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding and exercisable at January 2
 2021
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  



































Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021







ROU lease assets and lease liabilities for our operating leases were recorded
in the balance sheet as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  




Future lease payments included in the measurement of lease liabilities
on the balance sheet as of January 2
 2021
 for the following three fiscal years and thereafter are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 2
 2021
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
  










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021







The components of income tax expense for the fiscal years ended January
2
 2021 and December 28
 2019 are as follows:



    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  




A reconciliation between the expected federal tax expense at the statutory
tax rate of 21% and the Company&#8217;s actual tax expense for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019
 respectively
follows:



    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  




Deferred tax assets for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December
28
 2019 consist of the following components:



    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred tax asset
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  




The following table indicates the changes to the Company&#8217;s uncertain
tax positions for the fiscal years ended January 2
 2021 and December 28
 2019:



Balance at December 29
 2018
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 28
 2019
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at January 2
 2021
    
    
    
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021









    
    

January 2

    
    
    

December 28

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable related party
 net of current maturity
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 02
 2021









    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
272
    
    
    
12
338
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
815
    
    
    
13
130
    
  






    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
January 2
 2021
    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
11
669
    
    
    
11
241
    

    
    
    
2
140
    
    
    
1
889
    

    
    
    
13
815
    
    
    
13
130
    
  










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















































Cash
 FDIC insured amount

















Weighted average common shares
 diluted | shares



456


154
















037





























































  2022
















Weighted average common shares
 diluted | shares



486











688


















000







































Sales Revenue
 Net [Member]

















Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Distributors as Group [Member]




































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.






















































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.




























The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.


















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Description of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted (Details) - USD ($)
 $ in Thousands



Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019









Net income
 numerator
 basic computation













Net income
 numerator
 diluted computation








154


154










Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation

456


154





































































































































































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities
 and addition from assumption of issuance of common shares for dilutive potential common shares; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019











320


187










Inventories
 net

997


929



































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




















Equipment
 net










Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019
Dec. 29
 2018






000


000














000


















000











The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.




























Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019











000


000



















000









000







000


























































































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.





























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















Dec. 29
 2018













200

























Incremental borrowing rate
 percentage












Incremental borrowing rate
 percentage.




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019









































































































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.






















































































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Corporate income tax rate
 percentage
































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019






























































Amount of current state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.



















































































































Amount of deferred state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019
















State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit


















































































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority noncontrolling interest income (loss)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 increase (decrease) in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 increase (decrease) in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019



















































Deferred tax asset
 net







































Deferred tax liabilities
 lease liabilities.

























































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.

























































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019





































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands
May 02
 2020
Jan. 10
 2020
Jan. 06
 2016
Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019





































































  2022























































































































  2022







































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019























Note payable related party
 net of current maturity






































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties.




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019




















For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019











815


130



















272


338






































































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 02
 2021
Dec. 28
 2019











815


130



















669


241



















140


889







Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.























































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM
&ULS9+/
M3L



^XA2'64

Q;^$*F&$T:;O NJ%.%?_Q
X=8.?DF
R2&H:A')HYEW?@\/[\]#JO6QB7



MUES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
_@5RU2-9:
!
M$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

+$P&IG/U9K
MQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M&N#C\7@XMLO2
5 TR



*
M$IY&V[I4_5*E=?EK[DHN#Q;Y.FOH70^+
_Y/%_GM
T+

M2O2QS'!.'LL

5O& RN0
MHGQ


MYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE



MDI &$P'-E


U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+A=OB5
V[&KXF

)%K/]8UA[Y

MYA

?-2K6J5D*Q$_

0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:




M]M_OL1
:+G6[9F^F&_E'#FE2I1G#*N8L&19)MA:XP_
M3@DQ ?:);S$[J)-C9(;R),2S.9E'PY9OB%C0FTD*/R\L E+$J
$'#\*T5;Y




S;
W@[Z=MPWS&:H$Q]



HHED[$P2S%L*!K@=Q*=I&0
MJU\^?/AOF;]#NRG1;IR8^*+-LLH=LZ('?\AB:*.3AN2XY;I\XDD])2QJ$



M+W-H965T
BYX;6RMF&UOXS8

MC




!@+_RHM+$K%SPB)&


VXJ2.




8Q
G?F&+5M@B*.SW$A0W6?%$!!8B+($N9;



M6&E1'TK!90-SN\

TF0VLTK3C!PT#

M:(

CF?1=/&
MT%M$%[])?Q
1MCE.O0

M.A;:(9:%$?L)#


M971S+W-H965T



LKH&N:@'[*9Q)5;L2Q9 JEB(B42
M5F/GVK^:^A9@([XSV*K:-3%6%D(\FL7GY=CQC+@$&E#0?%G U/@W#ACM\E
MJ5/E-
#Z]3/[G36/9A94P53P'VRIX[$S=



]PR/Z9X#00V-EY7&RQ

MJ][=/25;74GHA]V!UW^E^(C IN+:

J\73R

A

S+N56

MR58R5-14/%]R7)^F8_PZ/KB4[8_*/W6\R.=
_63'TYK@2
O
9*FA6LE!DO

GEN?:



MJ\C



Y\Q1
J16];6U^69DG ^8Q01]YJ0X2

G:/P7





M3 9028M*G*B?N0)0W@MT*RCI.RN(N^%HDYJ2Z0!HF[-QX 2MD_9.\.**RTL[
M9M #2.))E[(OA/UD +)-_=B=^U]*Q02#/%N[\0-T33E4F10=J5#?K;2AY31U
M89TR]ZQM.

)=:HO00*7


MN]-&#8(


MN+J9QBK5X_)N;EP%$WMS$97@Y5.IJKM
\[:Y[#Z:*U[G_1(NP=65M353W:A
M;=IGI40YVX%)?QS#Z175I;0:*'XT][H-5W!+-(\'N,@SH07@^XYS=1WH9I_




J
(@[S


M@6DL^J94N6A%
RKC7A=Q[0-Q1RS+6!D%_;Z%[!'XGP:94;O
51P3W7 X15-
MXHL;BD9X2:3:MXB.VT7O0*H_&
1H@CDE=':M;M6O=
Y;)+



QG@M%?]MSUW


MV3^M
X




&7,!@LR9/Y/NI6'ATJG K9DAT^^7++G;R0QJ*G7
M\Y@OHM_@.9&M5X!W$I(%B;)$- P_HM?$D=<*


+


MND\CVJ=1LL]
534-/1804Q!BW6:DJXOWW&]V6[W:^=(O19EV)Q5YAZF98FI:

E78'@L]ZA

52Z S2OX?!+J PV_
M -6;.)8TW





MR
Z=L_$:#+^YLZ]CU22 SA.C$47F[#8*1A2%JHT2@D$9*R([*T:IZZ[!8/QU

3^H&
MJ6;9G(0R=D
=:Q=8_5@LOH\?Q[.U^QVD+4'%?3)?/KKKZ7QF+?Z
?5#WEGF
M;HV.L*YQ2\?L?O0T[62LYMA9;1I*HG:5$?JJ.GSY6*JR/V(N7TW&.$5.0OGR
ML

M]TX\NNW3Y

MA_\WS]QF^_]GLL1VIW#_YK1@SOC:Q65N0/@^NN




M:-JF 1PG:3W;)D&=3#%8[ =:HBUN)5$EJ3CIK]]S+R5929T.]@'L%UN6R/L\


MU-.-W9/C4J[47/G;\MKBUVXK)=&Y*IPVA;!J^6YG













PL

M
 DP(4=;TRG)VE)\




!)2)H#U*A6[DN@%T$Q BG!X,PHA_9%BPR-C7


MWK9.-34W+





T #MCJJ6. RLQ/@@3?/SV.7F)SBI5%?B(2(!:5^88E
*




MY5
 *S594I

U=!3-HT*.C*@[\U_8BRUM&6W

MVLX9HY
M9MYA2X!.8WX41)
EA*5&#/7 F#O$QI


^RX
ZA
QBXX'E=E0A[
M&[O:7S2SE!7(37[K9V &-?$B (7FTXUX)YM1P:*G[R3.B
@]?&K3S2E@UJR


U9*I^


Q3

!F._/3[@TH0U%5_6N.=



%!X@-U)T




$




@@GGG?@XYGJK:%D/B@P=1ER?7[ @O5

M

MR';E;_M[. *





EZ!ZZ^!=02P

MNVS 0O/LK

M9TG.SAJIGG2.:.EY$+/O=R8:NK[.LFQ9'HD*Q2TDTE5,D-3M?-UI9E#E1R




6

MT4\.T&4+C=Z AA&LI3YAI5(,7U-X)..3DQT%+.,3C)^86($032$*(C$WSC











MV+4J2BXW/__4BSN?+@T4ZW39[5
E[(:-98+L4/!LFG/)/EC8.\
XNO1F;M:/

!QRMH0VUCU8NNA:H


MTXC3K

^*
 C7QF@





MO[[GRN(QX#\SO+Y(.P.L+Y2RVX$+L'O/#?\%4$L#!!0    ( !F+DU*[0/AU

MYU=@5*?3SLBZT+8L.[9G'





+#WJG
M0K&.#B=$CD*'3( 8&-/SDX/1T9WA\]G@)2FG1H'FQF3(:U41\QD;'%K&

9TZ%



D(
MN



RAW#@K+=D08(S[(R.M
Q09_'


M1. (;*/1
];H-('?D\')


MK#?Q'H@T/:;?DS2Y:?8[43F_YOM^*N/QD1B/)GO.=^:DF'
R23Z[V)T.MK]C
MN:




?[HT)(/3@]#M]N[.FQ*;V2


'

&A I3SQ8$_3W@!2K%A@C&



Z35RW^)/00QLDN).


ML]^O;N%NB4!&5T:C]@Y




A-3J52HK0XG/T:T0=6&'QU!

(0.D-


;2P\$^Q-$-TL#CV@/IL7!-




+25['0



AZ_&95*F_[)






MR/)


M9^!.Q-MY!N^
YX'.M$\+ZVO']/=T[H-#

.4
8RSD[VIE$

ZGNO
MX3LI<FE_PDG1%^05!)WNNQ*1F/64#85[8V&2'O4W&XR*#G##E2FD)$$K

%X-_!!#9



0



?C@[$H

MRW[#



'

MY;.DIKM)__C#P7+QX1??UQ$Y/T'S:5NM\!B]YO8=?-WSDE.@1P15.!027C5*

;RS1CXHUR'@ZN;+Y?D[
M&(NU]&ACK77

H-CY8@-D.D
M@ZB VYDDR @DR'LR

MII8;SYM\K=J$ /X'67(63JX%:\XIJ7&F6PXC&VGX
%).02P.YD]BW(DS^D;3






/(HS*!$*NDG^0%4[]O0 6^N\T[S$0:Y/)
+:]S]4(V2-L^-:CO !VE


#J4)P.=*)FBTA?9V2F*2H=C:7B



;
!DS







09.?R]XA5)Z(G+C:\\9'Z_TP-/U@?TF:<M6V[Q2LO?




NH- ZA\;HO
7*V.*BD<1*/L6=1GP\)V#R7JTOF(J\E692A^TGPB<\1%5M+0PCZ<H-K

^WFTIA 1L85O(1T-V 7SS88C:;1IC4T+$=7P!+SZ-;



O6.W
M5-".E5B0=#AV<4D!M.]#=W&Z2;,XZUVU'!A6=%SBL8;T'=J8W?8^ N.#_3J
M'U!+ P04      9BY-2Q]B&UV@+   +(@  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='
O

M!XB$1*Q)@@' T4R^?D\#O&E
T4GL?9F11*#1Z#Y]^B*]WK]R:16/:09X5Y

)K/3P]S+HN#UR_=



+&6I;.06C.;
MG99&2PRAO$B84OO+7JVE)MKF7

VHO!I
MJ_#IJ

MOI&P'57/6U7/OW#Q!Y&PA3%BV

7XPY^*)5]6)4U0_B
M7A258!]$K


M7FR$#P Z0(L

G$P
ZG2T)(E%061 N\M_!D3
MMA4L4:Q0-HAY*2W/Y&^Q6!:8BTGUO-$##W\D=C16UIJE518N:ZRM


M&EN)3 KEH-D[!1DFE1;B4=(];O

W@
 25'<4):@ =(MB[DLTT
H CQS 4&UU%9UOL(:QX:%_4SY
<LDDGDZ]BG
MJ'!)59D@D??2N( A*YEJ960BN78+4\4\\26B) P6ECQ)#[NGTQ$S]D&XLK&









MIJ@$48[91[0C
;V@-H]]1))'%JJT)@^V XY)=_5NA*']^.BWYO:LOOTV%07*


WJ^R(KINX WOFW?C9#ZO3M,P'(DT_?XCUO!BT8R'[\GLN,@#3%NRDU
MFSW4DCZ./BNGCJ^/^+IHM/%6B)6MB\&V*FRA&BE]6T24%TW[M_^?3F\K
G&
M6\@4TT1MBP$7U5'J;4LHQP6$JS_1V;@3=AKHE=C(@DK$@*]I[-F6X.&)*]-1
MK


_5])9
M.V?P1N; 



MO5E+TM^1&CZ9.



A4HG30MP/.U0@]?OZ$#
MVM]_O/X?4$L#!!0    ( !F+DU(E %QV P



MJ[




M8- %&/@ @QT!%M1M:5V@*_0EUY(B&9BCAD7.-?9AQHU(_(U
M$*Z]STS%$YP$U+\&]0




ND/ZEG2/8^[C?BP


MU/+;G'X3J)T!Z3-%E6P/+D#WXYG^!E!+ P04      9BY-2.ZC?R5X  #U




M&^'PTJB?
O?EDDT9Y%B(1OE[

2-


].2
MDAI7%EQ;U\*^+%&9[3P:17O'G=Q4Y!WQ8M:(#=XC_6Q6EJVX1REDC=I)H\%B
M.8\N1M/EQ



MB$
+Y*IR*8*R1AED@[ZV(6A^2SAQG/EUDL%;4XT/KFR-=A.$Z9B_U=3=WM[;

$ :P-L9SMN+WZT/X//2








2
'TK5A^PTT\9Y8O$DRY
M7UB6MJVF!U&AM


:-$.Y<*-(020*KLM^K6ZK:3<H



M&B1(VO5AV 



01@
MKP!,&%SJQM46?FU*+)\9.3-X!([N'3.3B+^P9L1C-E[8&

MZ1#_VFRM

MD




M/F=G$BCZAMBS\%-&D]Q/IK#H65+%:%6?U6=1LQE+KGUF*
H[+CLR6?Y#C3B$

$%     @

MM)




H1'^
G#B%ZX30MG5IRBI53:F*P))A0!D0&

MO*M:T(T@D\8HR:G)]#ITN.'[P9A$'[P[JVP(
0NEX0].EYC0F22KS5&/9?



M$2J6

M







N74

M]3HHHZVTKB! #%4;#R\0+YSDVEAS[




;=A\;F8L#0(0H6Y#P1!

#O-
^
MT]/(.]W#FV/F82Y=KHQK+


ML 
[!DWO!N7\'V


M:&5E=#(T+GAM;(V568^;


E@M_-E&KQ:JL:60N-%@FJKB


M0+_QL5
L6V[P4I5?169WRV 60(8Y;TI[I_;OL(O'.YBJTO@G[%O9T32 M#%6









9?1=A&9]U1JT2 A+GD7FL]R^AV)!78L7R$CG
M_\FV&.NU2)!I(^





M7E^0F]F'*9XSG2GDR6-[





$.RZ4=



E4IH.Y:

:S





M(K!_2K;*Y]F)KKQ9-CR'
Z&-$HO
2*4)U^2=DEEZEJZ5ES.WES]+5S=DUV_4

M0] 3D

LU?B2VD
M0=7RRS7P$)0=@


_17
MZ$,+I/$E]T$28#*9Q;9 %T&STSYK;;6UI:RDIS


M
S\*@J&?

O](X+7_DV-7;!GT]W
M;(MK-$^[E:*97Z

M LL(



A





/CY







0.ABLG:]2$


9M =&'A

^DX(_1+8V]L_UNE?4$L#!!0    ( !F+DU+52 2)0P(





LS;?
D







MY 2!A P= Z?E$68@I2

M_E_ J .
?**M

PT/*OR]W!<A]GRC
M/7P+0UUA\/F$+22GEFIK0+\OEI9-/2__3D0:M2'&OE0XSVA;KAJN)JC%!K



OL FA

M'6!T*B#J )%SII7B?%@PPY)8R0:4C28V.W!F.C3)YZ4]]I51])83SB0K(]
[

GP,\<?/H<[I-)O5-A[U3H^**C3DGG%'M


M\CLA5P

Q+GAM;*U768_:
M




J%0,:0WP,XH:)9=@QV406!%_

Q6B
MRKV

MCJ#GJ PF@*_ =&Y?;\=YXA@LR38O(;@: ,\(N(\12M!8JWXQQ1;)446U:*

EUH


M5X6^UH&AC5HC.$E7;ZTZ9G-P5?HWL;%D






MII9294S0UVU]O5&(4N

[7JW
MX O'K=YK@]W)4LI'V[E.)E[7&L(
8V



KP6
ML4(JM89EL)2*U%RL@:XIGL

L
N


RYX;6RU5EU/VS 4_2M6

J4<QI@M?W*_LTFKY.9$PE3SAYII.*Q
M,W!0!$N2,77'M]^A2@P? O.I/U%VR+6<] BDXHG!5@K2&B:_Y/GHA 5 .XV
M ' !P.\!O09 MP!T;:*Y
IO6)5%D

MZ0H5'



&[7=4FWW0VK9;@7K5.9D

@?Q
MI\4@84D7_@^#A/N)[1FD)J;)(/U2;;]5[303 E*%UES8
U5O_8/6H;_O O^]


MN96KW;RKKHE8T53J95IJ(J_3U\X0^5
E[RB^MK?]GO]=K#-6#_O0)@ /;[D
M7+UVS .B?#!._@%02P,$%     @ &8N34FO(QL-; @  &08  !D   !X;]W








M*X72%;-DZF5L:HTL]T&5B-

MCZ-NM)MXX
O2NHEX

*D^FLAQZ0YE;C6M
M<HJSDUN9J0KAD6W0P-$U6L:%@7NF-7/;=0SO@$MX+-7*,)F;46PIJ0N-LVV
M:9
@?2-!-X4[)6UIX(/




MZ



M)*%1RE+;
L(_SO!E&W&EFOM%EZ292SU
A0%HR]
MZ\EC.+8<380I!E*;(.JSQBFFJ;:D./Z41JW*IU8\'.^L/YC@53 +(G#*TI])
M*..Q-; @Q(CDJ7QAFV]8!M35]@*6O
+FU+6L2#(A619J:P(LH067[(M$W&@


8L%X2&8F1+1:M]VD%)-BG(O#-DK@=/
MC
I8P#T-
?QHP%9A5K%ZNU@G7J/%[X2VP/&^@.=X[@F@:;/Z#(


M^+DD$D^A%^J] _2!5T



M;&9?@/[WLYV044@S[87$]GW\[GRY8[B5ZE4GB 2[+!5ZY5$ZVO?UU&&=
M
MN49A3I9298S

MFV JMR
O\/8;3WR5D-WPQ\

M.X'O'+?ZX!UL) LI7^WB(1YY;0N$*49D+3#SV. MIJDU9#!^ES:]RJ55/'S?
M6[]WL9M8%DSCK4Q_\)B2D3?P(
8ERU-ZDMLO6



\( 
]24(T]E


*LMKH;#=C^?:W7+
*19QJT1K5!;PQU



;?^




QKBW-DS#HR&/\J
_*$K[ TJR2I& ((H4%IB@E
M)G809DJA5GZ0$TH4V?&]F&Y@-.3,S@!RN$^$X4B/%$37QLLZ]R/*X2K$B$\
M@O-\ X$X3F$0=AMD
_;Y0N

^%N#@28L;
YB$\1C#;$!)1K'1:

6^Q@0E
M

MM\H^@3PZ0.X?F81QC3QN1:Y/;VT.
:N6'2TV[F):6VN.=?
S(\(2FM@QE
A]$O'WG7U

M='

M^[Z.


7A+XE&B;;;C/=A9V
GYEH@?]



3!U+




MDU)4B#4FUP









6W'_Z%*7/_HG-TO[I3%C:L510@9+I PZ XR2

M !F+DU*MI

ND\ZX.'XE?VCKYUJ63.#
M
R5^\=P6T^ V@!PWK!9VJ?:?L*W'\R4,/X)^S8WBKC55ER8%)9?-FSVW
M/AP AN
W '$+B
\%C%K R!?:*/-ES9EE::+5'K3+)C8W\-YX-%7#I=O%E=6T
4U#M8$EF8QIU5M7^ X\W*.EG%AK@CSN)K#
MY<457 7\*-0M6$R-TEH29_[2IBU6AX:+?$;6KXP.8 HOH8XBH<GX+-^^!RS



@A5
;_/\\1W5.NCHG9V\&'&W&



MG+9*/Y@*P*(GP:591I6U]1W&)J] 4#-1-4BW4BHMJ'6F/F%3:Z!%$ F.21S?


6G



MQ
]43E!



$%     @ &8N3


MJIBQ4[4)]58ARSRH*D
:14E8




I*N[%Q







J&WR%
M3.\LN
BHTE.Q=.5*((TL*$M=W_

E9FP1WT5G2)
U2/JZG0
[=BB9(
F4PX X&+OG-%+D?$
P ;

M^



3 X)&]? QA@WP




 %Z
M?\&YVD[
 =7?AL$_4$L#!!0    ( !F+DU+R[WNK!@



M6_

#@8SSO5J#



     3 @

 ?0(8@S9?$6!/D!5J(/V!(%
MBD6=OZ_:I7&0QEY/3P2W!YI0.TXI+:+J1C]$%)I6M6X 4BV)8]ISI%KM0L
EOH^7%H5 J.W&,EC'%BM/XU@LD/['X 4$L#!!0    ( !F+DU)<W1W
MO@


PH@

X9+





DNY


MLL &6B-NUK!I-;Z!
LQ 64]//(!95Q75SX[R @XVIV(#$_TFTAAHL/XH5[ E



M!%G^( ]!/G_0$(*&^8-&$#3*'S2&H''^H D$3?('32%HFC](!BCC@I@S6!


H:
M   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;

MUY9#7\!--B0BB2W;4'C[.N%':D6C(BIU+K$2[\Z
O=)WR?1M9\@-MG75N%E4




$02$J1T$J1V$J1X$J1Z$J1\$J1^$J1P$K1R&K

4      9BY-2!T%-8H$   Q    $

O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !F+DU(]
[
J[P


M Q0    ( !F+DU+$KD/';04  H6   8               @7T

4      9BY-28-Y1'AT#  J
&UL
M4$L! A0#%     @ &8N34E_VZ)=?!   )A   !@              (!<Q4


M'0

4      9BY-2*K27&P(&  !&   &

M4A4C)S:;@  7QD  !@              (!DR

O


4
M  9BY-2?@(Z))   !Q!0  &               @('X





3(N
$4  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q,RYX;6Q02P$% 

M:&5E='






MDU+93;O[: 

M+W-H965T


4






M=#(V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !F+DU)5BV]'60(  +@%   9

M='

4      9BY-2F5RC(&4  #4!0  &0

M Q0    ( !F+DU)YBJ':=0(  






R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !F+DU)!
M/LOR$@

M965T
S



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#
X
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !F+DU*5







4      9BY-2'T!-$]@  !   &0              @(&/M0

M!@




!  $!
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001493152-21-009160-xbrl.zip

K2-)^[YPG7^^:ZS







_V'WQK7?J
M



)Y^<O C_W<](R1^S/C'A]RYDG!^

M_0MA()))'2

5/+*77


MOQX]-DP3[&_
MOGXBK@#LS\SY_MV$.V-S1RT127I8S9&ZJ%2BXN/7_@CL\\)



..C$BHOF%8SS%


M[W^%GO M05&2;X

MQK2AHS6C(S6B,4T]M?ULK]N#%-I&?EA+

MC'(=LIUN9OY B@6KY92S



;
MY


?,&UL]36B T!ONH4^9

3E49

6_]H\B6)K2SI4!6:L!\@J


G
1












&[[JLP





U75NA4BROW(@':[JV4E5$9ON[]S:)

MN6HSB5R/\




M VG2FS71O



_9$8I?'
MV77_EC/[W

T

0*(

MI)E9&TO=I%F0S+-)I0[RI?



YHM +B'RP/W3/B4 8SY+BIE9DY;WRMU0WH%%Y0#T (65
0@N*H%

MT=T.-W]?U&







M#?8%02E/


-CGM;ZX=.@'S9#99\16FI\N
M
F%+J*__U-Y1-\U%7N_K5&./J?W]C):T^PY*:53&VLL;O;B@589*:&[$*A*
MQ^@M!:HLKDJ%A4W4[E\*XM80QP6YPEIV]L_[BP%?W
!E^WX5C.?6J]342U8


MB]F&=7


MWHB\OP!8



4'T\'BQL-;B





%MN(09O$Z





??Z+KH4Z*+*^:2 L8 5SI)DO?@%7KF-Q
M[*R,M2FKE7Z8DP,4A: N7]SKLQ<$G.(SHY^<1TKL7B[NH

MB%\!&X7BNDJ02$E43AER._=Q4 []^X/F4P^BI(Y]Z]\83K8:#'(J)LZH.D






1$






4A;)=J?K%BK
MB^TCX6D=5^;3UB9DUJZ.3H:BXW7O&-EZO=/MR#!K7.06=LLTH9O]WZ05:J




EL
MO:@'-X!++?F^^L+*6:;Z


MR3

6
M]^ FHOIPO[M%5V
6MFXM9##?*+F[UMWMXK99+JB1?&$L_/6IJ['VX^.JY[/9
MF



8CSC]P&2!O&  RB20 PBV/IP[(/# !?TR\$ !
M)

M#)-=QJZ1V$P8)  F02OPX' ;P$H88&7XH)IMX
I,B(^60!GMBPB8NCL#@F'+X[%C,]EW<\B&6=$O K&B%Q5@(^Q)0(?
M@ TH!%0\ %[9BQ&7JU5/[V3!VBHW??#GS1B*;/?838!=
N?N!
B@F$I\$+G
M^.B@90!?94/BQO1WXEA


\'2S8^
M7UU?[?S[V\F7RXO+\[



MF=&/*KDAI%BV:FQN[_9TNY6V!PN$+&]S:F

MOV^1^:%;E+W7O8;-7.LR+JNBZXH:+C=4^
;6NG@^6(]'+B4D.9;!XTI
::'I

.U7S_+EDDVD1WW-I@? XI9V6B32T7B[1=6C(03=DOT7)-1LR-

D B(I!#!
%%=WA4 3T

MX254UB
DPO#1U6:0HUD5$C =PBCP
W#
C;^LT1:

M^=#VF#K]-!+SH'D#&KT2&57\.TA&Z-76L!\)@[T,#9&5'+'&'!F!P/#] 2&
M$#SPL8N#JVJ?GFNC7US@OT(;XPY\+X25XG-7%L72;GN'8UWF)PV)G,GPF2U]
M\,G%I4((4O$@LDP7]P!I?C@:V0+C#W#T*/C?IZ5@N!*L#4,(?#$4-@AHC1T


UE.][ !_Q)]=^HE<PK,2 )5I\*$R%
M1E\$(8N=ZIB_[J''/R#<&:Z'2 IDK!1YCA&]%/WQ+![CBS$2L $[#MW$#3:

#V[_
+C?F@'$GR&

M CXT5A$F



M21_.-*BP0+Q(..&$ /+A] *T
E0*:$N.!CQ0

?M)DE**BZ7C+
MD!
%YT3

%&8@R






/UTSP._YH

KD%,?E8)'CK7(1P.<#?D<!3 
MC27(9*IN/I?);*JYMD[+8B+\:&76S5IA6#JJ-ST.+

MJO#+\72VN%*OR0HXW3I OCSO31Q86?@XG8!P!K-O8;'0;KM:Y86]5O=P[JBZ


[\HK46UF]']O:*Q@)L+M7M%8ZK6RVC*R 3%Y$J?
&
&V:*OC#)

ZJEQ0J]F9

9V_1H=BYI[GF
*VCH'*4YPD8W6,H^,?,P42Z,H^[J9_[AQK3V5D,T
M/%4C LL.)-KW:@=0*G9BUSB1U1FFN5


M&^/ZA

Q':W2^;4;--I:(O//=OCI'6($%Z*@;X J.25L+(



MSB-[E-8BU^%&E$#D2XPD



[< ^8E

JK#;FD&H+?U#

4F'SB;P4S68)_8(



X'?T7['L^/B_L&_

M^N'3MHM0+BA_#ED3YG412T

^FN;GP F5
;D*

MH

6




M\M1%_L!

A@OJICV;I0CW#@?



MY2+5S:$6FD%K!IERI4

572 2\_F3^=&#!!D6H\M=.@



3FW5'V/B[/+4Y!Y


M**+=V_;)CX2;M$254_4UL$A$U/8
DH-A$CB 

MS(G'AZI2D!;1T



M#X?=5YLX98T1149J3Y6C
:4*SM0+?5(7CVZK]=[3S2YQ9!-F.\IMC-1E@W


E;B(+[34Y1Y
4'M)3 S0MA%QK

&)WLA8JQ)P


MX^ACTG602^IPFI
!TQF



'1Q%9P:')^YP




C](K4*8RZ5.6W@I?62@
M-[1IZ$X!]F[$%V#



M\JS#4:BER@=D;D^9+SH6T6CS[K7)).])A-R6'+DE*HU;]G68!47M[R^!J1


MPTCOM;S)!1'?
O-#%)\_Z%;N]8PYZ%*V;$G3

M^SV]A*;\_+(Y=U'B_CUKE586U!W#XHX[% [RZKE5NB7O2A'=J-7I[:\(^DU;



KD4I6C..T]
VP8AXH2= YZ
M\;

CIAVK'U
9913NK
/]
;S/HF4&9G?A]3%.91@1*'!?9NHK K
MG$ KM+%\6^8.)!441Y)Z3WRZ?EX5A.LWT1

MJO]-L'ZSATVP?A.LWP3K;RJVFV#])EB_=;?*G0WP?J5+3A-W,RR.7=1XFZ

M4S?!^MNX+TVP?A.LWP3KO[U]69]@_3E#%J='/E[J;GZG
6*^%G8IUQ-:

96T-@*&EO!&F






MV6P4VG


;\.
M4_T)AF]G]F






;F

.+'(%G!O

MFHU9=

6; KIEW



)6



[W,LXLFC<6Y!
M4;CEINN8PI;M7E<9D7%=31C6(P''CQS+O-ND6:F$?7ER: 5)@&^@='Q2?
M
'!54 :^@#EV&-K1[?RH\VT




MMM.-OSIRP8YR:D%M4J[KP:--
FNS#-:7TEU$:)=[ *7_BD@Z6K






;.E86W(_G0]8R01:I@LX(^N



M5.N-%V_+XI3+

=!.7WB4CM-LS*=' 5O

'(6F



;
M!GF3X%;$M0P



#
MPI;/K=8
8FSI'U*D*O(OS(XC4V0F!19M&6$?'M^']HE2?B&HD-EYO)B819
MTO*/AG]B! YN*D%WAS6%+#8V3-OUN1\@J4:J_5['#W:-BZ3K(/8G3)(=-D.W




M[!J(%


MA8WQD&
/85' 16+ M^.L78@7V%?EZHZ
Z9U/0'B!!1&2:K(\UU\Y!W 2&9
M+O+0




D+ 58
MGPP.IB0J?6)U
 M(7QPX&-E1'^0M#2R(9%

;]W3=ARWPA'


.TK9


T(^F
T357R'#R#A!N+!



M2P0?[H@D;X7_/:6Z7$3B-MP!@1=*ZD'J(MA&H.\#Z1!R_?#A3ZT;:-2C@S [
MH4D3&AY
%362CV]O?('Y ]K@$0=N.;P@B26D]@CD.8B9X@07)M38W.HR$?

MH3Z62CF5H7X!'MI=XVNLISZ H
.?]!65I*
'/G:5#IA@D4:DIODY#CZ0PPD6

?]88[4=JU
M!?ONDV_7'DM)QN.HTY!14TECZ.X=1/:E9RZU&C+W KL ZN) [@8)45Z*GVNI



M_T33V&U

MT8 )&P[





M AM!HD-56&GP4_9 0S1=V@.6^R2 '5%78Z4&C^7K&NMIZ5#%L$GCL]2Z84
!
M+[2ZV Z320!I18;GF




PECB^Q?P09V8EW
MR]UR)E/MA7IY.(.(ULR?B4#%R+S
BP





=
M7HN=-E[8MCY+Y+^@BS=^/4/\ ?O.U1B2TT@)-/Y:DB12;]^6'\++\@#CV=7R
M*^H


MU[QK7
AK


MI9:EC-F2[A\6N%Z+0E!






M#0#^?)C4T=L+'^)7E._R&!6RI=+E*2;S!F5:1Y1H@B!K%()K)'$HE)R04^




J2/'

*




M4JQK AB
.S4@@AT7

?HR4YG









.
MYNM0L$E?!(^PL5/-IAIUWWO=.&._H




MJE]6W\SJJU\X-CBX[G]!#8J?16QQU0KJU?7]N='[:'PY/[D[OUMFI/J+)LI
M[M5G9K*M!&R$:BHK^\CN4/,E_=88?S\%V1V(T9+4C]/_\B6JX:!!ZTN5OW^
M*\31^B[HP=&WRHA&':



M=FAD-#[$VJ)N?HN@I(PJD1$^HOC&B.8C6GTKK(+%S*C( +EQ).LOB(FJNH


RDJGE
M0:(!1& _9

-/YD
MTAIUL.\GN37)3G%[5@F?[ &(TF/2924W\=F5#5I!:U'Z4!*
=&]MA-4=13WS
MR




MT5MC


M&Z8HH9].UJN9T+E6)2'/WH(B^MT]E8$^Q+7VY:XGB5#*B 


















M?S
/JR=WK?L2JQ?G6
KS=I;!N$1DH
M $2]JK;1E9EU3EH K;+P+8
IE]T75^VIJW-^W)46&#$S:W#O9;46IEC7CI/







^ L42&'#P7QY_


.M#!154Q[*%LVK


MGP:+4W/)XF*P(?7NQJBR7).4
C
]NZ%M&:S?YZ:T.7'Z4SQ)RP:5&!%]J8D/
M^-AX!IAC*YF%-I
?@&3DG-KX


;XR?;S:
M*9L_G$\.)]@R^D!R] 2P8# X
\Q!CO!#YZ 7/2.(;MC8'' @V!O/#;BT]L*?
MCQX;XEEF3H)=J:I#G1]WC4O](YZYJ/

M3@=

M51?D++AL;'ML^)PNI)@@(^URKT.@'Q(T X:7$$=O12!MV/!1YM5N-W$CZ_5W

MDFG4
B#9:$



M1]O31I&.5&_B:*$O%V#WU3

MZPL  *=L   1    =&]F8BTR
#(Q
#$P

M)E5K;

P



8$XUG&
L9R9$0G
M'=4L@@=$5O*8G@HF*529'AJK29MJ/JM2D'55L#'.6!16X^\KT=)\+2!J A41
MU
OX'F;*

6IJR A(2I'A=AEXQQ% !B
M?T4XH&-*_ 926$R(TL-)SK!'W
+2(8D9XS!R8;9*6G3;;$9A:$+#WXYT#A_J



^%#OO\K@CFUC+J+V!V*?6<H$KF(
M


M
A)$_['0IL

1(6
M:QVAU//S3$\C


)P4SF#L/72H







M#UMQ*36JD-&U)

I(LR'

&O5$3C.A4*L=/N5ZYJU^(*XC]PSHAPL^J]FRM?43<W.
M;G.OLW

V
V1C*W+)


JAZ$H.GQO&X./&\FX:!'K;#2N2T-\0F]LP#V%9H-R_-JN7

\534WN!^-)PFD9;P0?!HEI)2
M('$Y!)7O+=7WM?:X.
5^EXS
HW=3'T-?R


MN_[(


M74NLJ799LKM)OH5 =O$M]2\H4U\O2#@BV=)?T;ZIN3X/
65/4\^&5$HNS+.U
MO+U+^K9O
Y[#N/=NP#Y%/

M6[?]^HY?ZTT;9E#=1T+I]Z#
U;LP'P$AO24#F#/R_JS)LW4?+SG[3WIGOOW1
MPAT6OLR[MAKIUCWJ?Z5,@88..AXCCPHBL/T&S=A\]D@MG9E
#F*7D057#
M1;!UZV$
G$52\9 (61H=Y9ZMV]NE4@DZTN\)RA-I6 O+FH-@Z];W**
2BL0/

JRD1J6UYBY=U;MUJ



M !4   !T;V9B+3(P
C$P

MN] C/OITX).#G_[QYS\!]L_'OPP&8(*1YYZ 
7$&E_Z
_ ANX *=@
_(1Q2&






M?O+QC%4MUBX=AT2L8?I/=\3##D:-^+O)O1-%+_UG9D=-5!7).T$ J]52\YF
M$X!2PHYJ(*O@MX(,C8I73ML)BO$0DUC\?E4'?'/O=$#?-7AOY2T$P@W)$3


!MAA&8VQ%X7(393HUU(;P^DZ5$A I*^:

V<Y28:3/IPXK%(<K33-O
MG&&'G8VUE9+=0A

LB41.+;:1 @

E4?#F(^/(



NU6K73X



$0!8







D


VP@Q4=&AU9TQ%3FSA]0UC'H=0K

M=


$=)3.5#\\E
AJ'

RTIZN@


C\QU:=+2WCK.XMM//0;ZU%U@
M'P=A?
RJD;5&0=
#


[K3+1H_J#O51O8+(]H%WXH?59L\TBMR(3S;F)X3[Q
MWFBS_@?(%:!4E[S4#97;9Z/)IXV339LI;&M0+FN2OYRO3?LM2FJ2;/&TE:YU
M[..U1G4^1@RVG.VNS






M#I$[ !J'/Q7$FHBYD\J8A4X50&4 W0%

MSB77OM&84Z\4A+MTS@D$D&&PUECR
^K)56!L%'P_AQ2=P0 [_/PX]B)Q+5C^

$$ N??@4 JLDVP9@SL)CY*1I2^*@U6ZAO(83.O

ZNXDX:AXB^A!H@^JW=9: B;GHVM?+JOYG6_




QUR-B!;


4:)@





Y=L*RTD+6=QK3KC#[

E8GIOEM'U#;;
M:0^XYGV3-K3&Z4WWR[IB4-:^_\L[B^47+IVLH(&+-4J9OAF_)1E:.AF@1$*=
K)2M[%[F;YJ+C6DO2[TD;T
MPJ'Q7:Y)R^AS:QKKAQTK%*S6J[0;/:]7<;%E !$$346

';ML8N

E&I=/(FNR9DE_$H*307BL27X&SU&9$GI=SS(J;




#(Q
#$P
M










#)USW.^M!+FI&H
BZ 7Z)GK$1



(/?6

(-21%OW
M&&+:7A0
M8\G9GC4''4Z;C


ML
8@H*JV]5PU DLI9(1#^6U *92SI4L?//B!SW@//\?DYDGD_;D+RV S$Z2N
M6IH1_#QD(8%7/O+GX7S$^QX(4M/&306M5&K=H5[5]F; 6C?$E*K$RA%&Z0PL
MISA[?8*(PA.(X
H)I.X002 CW^/7(56\E=5EJ3C3M*UM]CT0H!
M6M#OR(6$UXXXY2VF?GI(W;!];U)%[=.YJC['A+=VD)F^$/ 6[=TPA8%6*K







M?*[


8: UEIC(?Z@;%YG(6G

71_W:

U9T.:U]X:L;/-*


*CO&'-V4I


M@2H'$&9)VQ]7#!JW[@4LG(,V-0?*51[%SX]!3XD-T@]] K'-WXL^6*+4:L
MTNOGFO4Z0)C-($E :'5;2
L[F.4*UL!6)V&ZW3I5



J;R6V]XE]
MB

D41YO1]9


?@?Z_V!?QI?
MPBD(HBO=%




MQ*JRJ*SZN5.K7F(T35K?

MD5Z.UF(CE&!6FJ/;G
D(4LCAS
1KY? 9!EBFX4HMHV6SWT@&\)7V2N5-6KPL
MMZNWZC



B.GHQK'RS:E4A[/1:@Q=

920]JU;@1\^TW)YM&XJ^;6ZJ!^C=%_A2#P)S[T4M-O
MQ9+4^C9 0MEB_WDXL7]92HYOO
LI# *U[Z/)R/Q+'8(CG<Y_)-3UM4C'W;G5A4C&J

PC9#!/U)8TQ


M&;MZQ+NBO4RD4#K';BUW-IF(&ZF?X5)D





0I;S'UTY=L


MZVJ7B*;-XQ*T2HUVZ[PN



9#U3J7]78J!6]G

:UL


$
ME<X6JQ0V[G=TP7+-<Z-1;<TKQ+.YX L;B;7D-V!0*15KL _
;DEV M=-N21
?3-'J-F<M8A6
MY%'J


/.*3]M-Z6
OXM_/  *
M^9?_!U!+ P04      9BY-21U])3-T]  :70
 %0   '1O9F(M
C R
3 Q
M

M:OOF'!L.B$2I.
TB:D!24OFO/P!\%$D\+*JB)1W-V9G;%4F^7P(9%X)?[\


MA+[YUW_YG_\#\?_[\_\Z/D87$8G#C^B

[K&*_(1?2()83BC[)_1



^/E_?SA[]T?^7^]_O/_P[N




MS%ZBM/JZ-/TO;\84\+9KIRAJQBIC










=P+U -
LN0C1%/&Q#97B

PM--L/H ;V=8)DD8+.F#UZ5((7K@469P3O.
MF1*QGU $X.+0+4WXOZ:6&+='9\J8UPE^,P:V*G@GUA4RI9B
8/:RH+:E^:P


M*'G4!U!]PM




UQR!JDM(#34D

)+$R2,%Q0'SSE
M<F]#'N$428U#GQV[B)(H79+P4\\A0YW8=&<+S2W1PI5&1@T
 -35@E+2?1I








M/FLA@X20GXE!SI@ &:4!CO]*
#.[ [/H9-.%'K#US

MFD+I^*O00I4:*O0\\NDG&N=)AME&/ABL2QQOD)N6/P:8;=YTA #Q18_
P)-:


MU#PT=:2F98068IL1+1% C-#A
C!BJ)*UM_,NH!SOB+LD8]]GQA]SI;B1M.

6FGA0T@#L



\
UP+12P/&_@VGR!ABEA?E/
)I5


MB


M!9(O.R


-]IXYDOO
M
H S6]J;:XT &09MSG)R3V])C#
2WF F@/6N)/;H3+HV[0*_M3QM4P#CDEQ0

BA+Y+PS


JAO&=RT1;U
4/3@=5-



M_1$B58L9=^P\ARQ/@3CG-3J*25G/ATK@EJYS1N5PP

AJ7R?


 4Z=Z
HG$
+;]
M(



.ZJ IEQ_WF
3[R#O;@P
2.<2SEG$(9+

9!KDPMH


]3# #IQ#)P










M*SKA$;-YT=\H/7U7




3UI8:MKF^J*)% -RRZ2&=14E1XJ]QG9$/3




+STCQOXTXH'Q1K3^IG7,!$Q_.
M'VA8Y[R^HS883@Z&K$RKEOS?(_&$$Y34GK'QA- 0
(QU4[U21CG*M*I^F6I
MV1@[/U6]:9CY8\'

P*




('&:.A]A_LN

'

%?\OPC5GW!
Y/$R/DI$ 0_^Q0\\C&__H2%Y(V_WJNN

8PJOI
M\B




6)(Y3/LV8MSU)UTI'&I6:Z'051D


OE




M(\J9DHRCS6QR=' A8*@[%KF:AJG6%RY6N


X&);V8S2E'-F@K0HX


M^MP._PW-UX!2B




M?KJ*BA?V9@F?FLKM9Y*(O6=GYS2PC$G/?8TQKW4*;$@!8&@Y!K5RB'%;AMQ0
^6KF3!^9[;O
9







:J+K@T-
;



2Y3&:\'\

MV4#.]ZG[(;F;47I6VW4!TM@)L(VWX#9$C
=S1A^M@G:H:MQQ*G@L=(9J]9NP

SW9-
V%3F:RI?0=X



MN
YD5Y:+OGDH2OX66M\X7RR( ])716W./BR'\2\(%21J1#5S1'%.EI67.T



WP887Z(?V8PW7
W]H:0#)/]($
M:RPEGQI-449E6(63S1_2[85NV2MN:!H!RGS?6-(HDOK?B$?3[QE.4AQ(G .[
M@VLQ?CK!

#=K?!WAEDZ2EZV*!M67PN
MP5P[;TR1DBS*-C]'(9\C+2A;E0^ZV&JH/*PG@L
[PIZBH/]YX -^S]-T^S#5

^ECWR.;JMIQZ0
M8TH.@I
-#T6#)4?^=?82:;



ML6

PF#8

#\0?\2-Z[1J0M%:^)!C7@
MK1%_0QX.N?I!*I=D:PGAHH)6]


;!!X

-)R.-:74



M\=RTP9!Q

MI8%230-11ZVTYM:J5$#A'KC5GXRQ8X3ZLX]DB\V6[_[FO9T-@$S)$P



+J*QN?)
M*4VD.^0FBRB*FS%?W.


\?YTK(0


^:C7(1C


#V


*[)MC<ZZAVN

;J*:/*5:^Y/
ZN%*23XE@42J0
M98C1M5*^.]1862_J:=^U;_[.J^B)?=6TERYH^LCK[WL]EBDIZ&1OH\5C5E&:


M


VH^\[OQY6;;##U0*D#9


@[=N/SEW549

M62S\+Z)49(??$
U_P\$\:I<P*@*WJL7&(3@
M]^,(QI@]U!<X+:;^=\BZ2]SF8_MWNK4?)]-W5I_YTM%'N:NSE\'-4SMMTH/

M+-'C4FZ'BDM

MUXKEHP1BPB+RO1^)W!VE
HR1IW[\\HKPH.XJP@]1'&6;TYPQ\T#4IS3EN.1F
M0'.8LFMXY]X@F.I3U_)7M!97$6DB@IU8J*.XU ?ST(K!O&&5 8)J S@&ZPZD

M5JF6U
ZX
OHF2N3)QO3;5T#OLR@-Q'M;C=AD3!UJBP%#;XN1SO36E/$ZZ&T&

M?&Q98


M0C'70D%3#0;!OB2



-1(GWIFJ:1=


7;A
MHF
1_OS@:&8ZZ4

M[REA]OV+- ]2A^6![A'5@*@%[19Z(#[TU%0&=V#V[U19GV;F7Y0*RXL;90


PTY3T0I6*?(PR+)7$J[Y2ZT!)1+KFW8H;
M@//%EY3(?^U4BIO*9.E#'
'7N4-ZY+US;@!()?^0D!+AK\@[@X7@X0ESM;W'

VJ XYLOD


M!1BE =R.T+'+( KQD2D[UZG]O[0DRVA*9]KG.7DGC8653CF^HQ2V)Q4SG
MGMYP0YG(.J;[XPM:=K$IZ--;2=#'5R


!H2$Z05OKY*'-]RM
$LU) %(;6


9YLV4#X[0%8G

/&COFO4 Q#;G
MB5K.LS[9/82J!VS.4R&29$5*K=LH_;I]TD<[4;')3[QXX[CY816<X:YE!'M
MQ$3TE@.9;MP%2Q+F



 +H7
Y2+*66AHA]4Q2+1(*@J&-4ER\5I
M4?:Q+!P5I:-?9/G_:/[#*R:JR@AMDL!XXN;LLOL:G2SLXPMTPWV=$ ]:'


-C
MW;YV+TZ5_X_E8XM%96ZLH&*'+[E4FA1U'<^FND4I\L;'(47E!6IQM/+Y#/!







MUGC (0J%?G'_792 UG41?I8821JP2$XRYXN3/(T2DJ8W-(ZC3DJ=5&U8@#
M$*LGJ6M5$516RNB70MUWH'C!B
A/=$K3K+?=++*PFJL?J+ID*350(%2@M(W?


O;GQRW+$


%/9^DG1O.U:6?:) FK#?I@*L%@0Y[[%20U_.Y:1TF4


5AM8
M





M)X3_?\)6.8LC!*
-O(= HB
Y.XPD_C6-9!

16:

ME


)JK'

M622)3
S#W#Y+9X)9(0

M!\$Q:$U7#.WJGKID]]YK*K?N=!U0+PFHN_4 --[\Y/*HNC
G5: T18
=UT2[



_5G_A_

PP( %0   '1O9F(M
C R
M
3 Q

M22?)[9W[XH!(5!7&+$(+DB55__4'\%'%%UXL4HF2-3'3HY8 


M?'SW[O'Q\6U$E^B1LN_Q6Y\NS
:[I2GS\7JPNZNS(^]P__!@_V#_T#O8_[MW
M]@_OY.SR[=.4


QCJK.QL.3
M<8T89WV.$^*CT(JFSIZ#$@F%Q:(Q%?3<[Z.+;.,'F/P0DZGJ-HAN/SZ#:A
M_O<Y#0.^_)W^3\KUQH9*@V&&)QW%\[.0/FIU3]EI$+).<.PS\BFV-7T*(U)
MA..83\#;=+% ;'4UO26SB$RY:O%YZ?LTY1
SFEW3D/@$:^D?9O1!&#V/EER.


M24@2/L//*+MZ$
%\OH35:#-C9*BOC

FHU
 I


M5Z]158P]
!P+TT





N*K;*
AB\ $.!#6O@!D4[(

:ADWVAH[ /!R;R3-4!1

'-DF=E+[##VAZ(F/#O

MX1XX64C##?@

OH0D*LY; LXX^8):L
MKD.4)W26M\Z4ZY^Z%]CILXU=9L*X&S.K?A'JALSFW!OX4MR;DF.DZ09V2&T#
MDA'K;J!4WBM9W\O(&51.(U4?L/-K&WST3+L!3F7SO*21K]ND)

M5S?@R*G3&0F0I]SV'OY+


#9= R2[?%I<Z


M
A9V4%=17;GQ5V]MM=HGO2V=KI!FZ@5 ]5ENRNC
)-^JZF^(UV_KXE?L;2


Y'2ZTK(
I
J
%.:R1T?#N!D WHBQ7A(.RTC/W^M-%FOD:)WA*?*+8
M@4SZFL(V6MS#&C9SB;B!H/PY)1.;P1RAT0(@ U@'+\4.U)E-_4\R+9)P';4)

YJ9$X;T44C^C+(3FMXGTS1L






IT!YQR87_5SR;I#J[Z#$8<
!%@V+K'*.WN%Q9
&.^KGRB-

M/N%(/





M'CKGLP]

CDO+W!R_A


M/NN$-1*B&XAS(IEX(N@$Y_]?8;@X CJLV,\!K0C_(QZ8]:5U6B7=781AFZ



]N;ZI?@SYL(;8F5PX
[]8-IB+[D7NIL43X$
LILHQP*_


M :CYEINII-Q UISQ(6:Q.=+/G9!HC[2]Y'9]Y1?LBO\) VB)0IP=WG(9$9\;
M

M#@Q6;JQI6_&^YO*$Q \T1N$G1M



\3'QM\KGO
WWO/4' 6\^
MM[@WN+^LZ 




M.P]!F:*GGY';C@M96\*4]*

+K2+$(QC+3A%X'
O99
_X/F


M
YB_



RO

MT

M

2/%289C?B//J[LG
;3T7XD
M\'K;UO#VE=:N'Y3?95&)[F/R$6^

)3TB/.T&-0

N0'RB%B/
M
R#[

MO

M
QJD?F;RW6*V)+[1.PLC?A+:G;*M+3.V\.&7^^T2[4YP@D@87R(F(H#+[F)0



1Y+I)*+)'+/RLTJY2MKE;2P%:Z2
M63=








/EYEP45
VBFO%5FL0)B@*^





MMEQ'6_!7TLPM




^(9*4)C'0+.J&M9HF@T#'=;8 E@;.3D&
:?1 
&L%71L8@N
M*ESV-RPI]UT:AB74 \EF18Y;;Y%7GDIVJD;QBWTU^01S]/W\72-52D&U%?#^




AMNOOA?R(Y9& W_QX+8]D)W5YJ?6[.4UC% 5G



M_^

MC\^P&MD=2CQ@1BBWQ1!+X)/!MQ5/MLW'Y]%UQI3FT'J4CT'OBTYJK0(61VPQ
ML:N=QW&*@Y.4B7OJ^:S([

MGQY(7@9SK?KC+4:='X.^0.GD8J2 Y67H':35]NT0_L*EDUK7*:E!3+?3*-A]


0VFW@[1?F<C.AITA'Z?$XO='/VX=/A<FXJ
MB7 W-






M*VZPV*O+/XIW6P]
SC<=
M!F*%D!P



E
M


MLAEC5W)=[.7B!IX;)XW&\3%W7%93RK(ZTR9N:;L/=%BXQZ&=C'$W %KKT^D3

VI
MWB:R<4I* N]VQ)1PU&@+:IM9^<NX7M2' T7I$MV4T5
R+ _M







M


48CI7K.


13'*;G/'1ZOJ7]0U.VS&V'4;-ARH[9'E2Y=58^NMFZ 8Z^2N#&?:+D
M!U)\)E$R1_*ETK:S:#G')-J1U+2-ASPX:^HCBYG_4C])&8EFGVE IL3D
MV22#KF[




M/2=/%^-N %1=I&L'

:[4[L7]$%2KQU*QKP;

5%-*L[ZSJ/$.?_W\?D:(\!G1\_@




M.V+26Q)O8/CW']$1/1ADEK3N[_45RJO3X2BRKT[*JY/RZJ0\BY-B).O3E-$'

MZ!KYXLZF*#$]%;-

M/J-_4G;-J'@FYIA;0#/*5LI8RT^*6$L^O BU\ ]XV1=$K7[AE=\QN_\AIN



M

M@ $     =&]F8BTR
#(Q
#$P
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      9BY-2NY;+CNL+

M% 

M+3(P
C$P

PP(
M%0              @ $IW0  =&]F8BTR
#(Q
#$P


