

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-20-006859
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200421
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TOFUTTI BRANDS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000730349
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ICE CREAM & FROZEN DESSERTS [2024]
		IRS NUMBER:				133094658
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09009
		FILM NUMBER:		20805883
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 JACKSON DR
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 786
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9082722400
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 JACKSON DRIVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 786
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TOFU TIME INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860619








     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

Form
10-K



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.


For
the fiscal year ended December 28
 2019



    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 


Commission
File Number: 1-9009

TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
(State
        or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
    
    
(I.R.S.
        Employer
Identification No.)




50
        Jackson Drive
 Cranford
 New Jersey
(Address
        of principal executive offices)
    
    
(Zip
        Code)


(908)
272-2400
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:



Title
    of each class
    
Trading
    Symbol(s)
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered

Common
    Stock
 par value $0.01 per share
    
    
    
    


Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes
[X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Non-accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller
    reporting company[X]
Emerging
    growth company [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act.
[&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.)
Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the most recently completed second fiscal
quarter: $5
246
695.

As
of April 20
 2020
 the issuer had 5
153
706 shares of common stock
 par value $0.01
 outstanding.




    
    


EXPLANATORY
NOTE

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28
 2019 is being filed pursuant to the order of the Securities
and Exchange Commission contained in SEC Release No. 34-88465
 dated March 25
 2020 (the &ldquo;Order&rdquo;). We filed a Form
8-K on March 27
 2020
 the original due date of the Form 10-K
 indicating our reliance on the relief granted by the Order.


    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    

    
Item
    1.
    
    

    
Item
    1A. 
    
    

    
Item
    1B.
    
    

    
Item
    2.
    
    

    
Item
    3.
    
    

    
Item
    4.
    
    

    
    

    
Item
    5.
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    

    
Item
    6.
    
    

    
Item
    7.
    
    

    
Item
    7A.
    
    

    
Item
    8.
    
    

    
Item
    9.
    
    

    
Item
    9A.
    
    

    
Item
    9B.
    
    

    
    

    
Item
    10.
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    

    
Item
    11.
    
    

    
Item
    12.
    
    

    
Item
    13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    

    
Item
    14.
    
    

    
    

    
Item
    15.
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules.
    

    
    



    
    




We
are engaged in the development
 production and marketing of TOFUTTI&reg; brand dairy free
 vegan frozen desserts
 cheeses and
other food products. TOFUTTI products are soy and other vegetable protein-based
 vegan
 dairy free products which contain no butterfat
cholesterol or lactose.

As
used in this annual report
 the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; mean Tofutti Brands Inc.
 unless
otherwise indicated. Statements made in this annual report concerning the contents of any contract
 agreement or other document
are summaries of such contracts
 agreements or documents and are not complete descriptions of all of their terms. If we filed
any of these documents as an exhibit to this annual report or to any previous filling with the Securities and Exchange Commission
you may read the document itself for a complete recitation of its terms.

Except
for the historical information contained in this annual report
 the statements contained in this annual report are &ldquo;forward-looking
statements&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 or the Exchange Act
 as amended
 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 as amended
 with
respect to our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Such forward-looking statements reflect our current view
with respect to future events and financial results. We urge you to consider that statements which use the terms &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;do not believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;anticipate&rdquo; and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We remind readers that forward-looking
statements are merely predictions and therefore inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors and involve known and unknown
risks that could cause the actual results
 performance
 levels of activity
 or our achievements
 or industry results
 to be materially
different from any future results
 performance
 levels of activity
 or our achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements are also included in Item 1. &ldquo;Business&rdquo; and Item 7. &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&rdquo; Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements to reflect new information
 future events or circumstances
 or otherwise after the date hereof. We
have attempted to identify significant uncertainties and other factors affecting forward-looking statements in the Risk Factors
section that appears in Item 1A. &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;

We
operate on a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal years for the financial statements included herein
are the fifty-two week periods ended December 28
 2019 (fiscal 2019) and December 29
 2018 (fiscal 2018).


    
    


PART
I



Item
    1. 
    




We
are engaged in the development
 production and marketing of TOFUTTI&reg; brand dairy free
 vegan frozen desserts
 cheeses and
other food products. TOFUTTI products are vegan
 dairy free products which contain no butterfat
 cholesterol or lactose and use
soy and other vegetable proteins. Our products are 100% dairy free yet offer the same texture and full-bodied taste as their dairy
counterparts. Our products are also free of cholesterol and derive their fat from corn and palm oils
 each naturally lower in
saturated fat than dairy products. With the exception of Mintz&rsquo;s Blintzes
 all of our products are completely vegan and
our vegan cheese products are gluten free as well. In addition
 all of our products are certified kosher-parve and all of our
vegan cheese products are also certified halal.

We
were organized under the laws of the State of New York in 1981 and became a Delaware corporation in 1984. Our registered office
and principal executive offices are located at 50 Jackson Drive
 Cranford
 New Jersey 07016
 our telephone number is 908-272-2400.
Our address on the Internet is www.tofutti.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual
report.



Our
strategy is to enhance our position as a leading provider of dairy free
 vegan food products
 primarily cheese products and frozen
desserts
 to supermarkets
 health food stores
 and food service customers in the United States and abroad. We intend to continue
to introduce new products that offer good taste while containing no butterfat
 cholesterol or dairy to these markets.

We
focus our marketing efforts toward those consumers who find our products essential to their everyday diets because of health
lifestyle or religious reasons. As part of this strategy
 we seek to achieve brand awareness through product innovation
 eye-catching
packaging
 trade advertising
 and a strong word-of-mouth marketing program. We believe that our ability to offer a wide range
of dairy free
 vegan
 and kosher-parve products will continue to provide us with a competitive advantage.

TOFUTTI
PRODUCT LINE

We
offer a broad product line of vegan
 dairy free products that use soy or other vegetable-based proteins. Our dairy free products
include frozen desserts
 cheeses and spreads
 and other frozen food products.

Frozen
Desserts 



    
    
Premium
 dairy free frozen dessert
 available in pre-packed pints
 three-gallon cans
 and soft serve mix
 is sold
    nationally in supermarkets
 health food stores
 retail shops
was the first dairy
    free frozen dessert to be marketed to the general public through supermarkets. We currently offer six flavors of premium
in pints
 three flavors in three-gallon bulk cans and one soft-serve flavor. 

    
    
    

    
    
TOFUTTI
    CUTIES&reg;
 our best-selling frozen dessert product
 are bite size frozen sandwiches combining a choice of one of four
    different fillings between two chocolate wafers. Half the size of traditional ice cream sandwiches
 
    offer consumers a portion-controlled treat. Unlike ice cream sandwiches
 are totally dairy free
 without butterfat
    or cholesterol
 yet with the same great taste that makes ice cream sandwiches one of the bestselling novelties in the freezer
    case. Tofutti Cuties come in three flavors: vanilla
 chocolate and mint chocolate chip. Like all our frozen dessert products
    they are completely trans-fat free
 including the wafers. 



    
    




    
    
YOURS
set in a chocolate-coated crispy cone
 then covered
    in deep
 rich chocolate and topped with a crispy chocolate cookie crunch.

    
    
    

    
    
Reintroduced
    in the fourth quarter of 2019
TOFUTTI
    
tisfy
    important diet requirements of certain consumers with that great 


Dairy
Free Vegan Cheese Products



    
    
BETTER
    THAN CREAM CHEESE&reg;
 but is dairy free
 butterfat-free
    gluten-free and contains no cholesterol. It is as versatile as real cream cheese
 whether spread on a bagel
 used as a dip
    for snack items
 such as crackers or chips
comes in three
    flavors
 plain
 Herb &amp; Chives
 and Garlic &amp; Herb and is available in 8 oz. retail packages and in 5 lb. containers
    and 30 lb. bulk boxes for food service customers. 

    
    
    

    
    
TOFUTTI
available in a
    14 oz. container. It is available in many supermarkets and health food stores.

    
    
    

    
    
BETTER
    THAN SOUR CREAM&reg;
 but is dairy free
 butterfat-free
 gluten-free
 has the versatility of sour cream with the added benefit of being
    dairy free. The 12 oz. retail packages are available in plain and guacamole. The plain version is also available in 5 lb.

 BETTER THAN SOUR CREAM 
    in many health food stores and select supermarkets. 

    
    
    

    
    
TOFUTTI
 with four exciting flavors for use as dips for snacking.
    Those flavors are Roasted Garlic
 Garden Cucumber
 French Onion and Cheddar Jalapeno available in 12 oz. retail containers.

    
    
    

    
    
TOFUTTI
    VEGAN CHEESE SLICES&trade;
 gluten-free
 vegan alternative to regular cheese slices
    and contain no trans fatty acids. Available as individually wrapped slices in 8 oz. packages

    
    version is also available in 40 lb. blocks for food service customers. 

    
    
    

    
    
BETTER
    THAN RICOTTA CHEESE&reg;
 
 offers consumers a dairy-free and gluten-free alternative
    that tastes and works just like real ricotta cheese in all their favorite recipes. Available in 16 oz. retail containers
    



    
    


Frozen
Food Products



    
    
TOFUTTI
that are dairy and cholesterol free
 but
    taste just like real cheese blintzes. Our blintzes are available in freezer cases in select supermarkets and health food stores
    and can be served hot
 warm
 or slightly chilled as a main meal or a snack.


Planned
2020 Product Introductions 

We
also plan to introduce a new line of vegan cream cheese in the second quarter of 2020.

MARKETING
AND DISTRIBUTION

TOFUTTI
products are sold and distributed across the United States and internationally
 and can be found in gourmet specialty shops
 kosher
supermarkets
 natural/health food stores
 and national and regional supermarket chains. All of our products are sold by independent
unaffiliated food brokers to distributors and sometimes on a direct basis to retail chain accounts or to warehouse accounts that
directly service chain accounts. Such direct accounts include Safeway/Albertsons
 Publix
 Kroger
 King Soopers
 Whole Foods
 Sprouts
Fred Meyer
 DeMoulas/Market Basket
 Wakefern Food Corp.
 and Ahold USA. Food brokers act as our agents within designated territories
or for specific accounts and receive commissions
 which average 5% of net collected sales. Certain key domestic
 kosher
 and food
service accounts and all international accounts are handled directly by us. Our products are also sold in approximately fifteen
other countries.

We
currently sell our dairy-free vegan cheese products and frozen dessert products in most major markets in the United States
 including
Atlanta
 Baltimore
 Boston
 Charlotte
 Chicago
 Cincinnati
 Cleveland
 Dallas
 Denver
 Detroit
 Houston
 Jacksonville
 Kansas
City
 Los Angeles
 Miami
 Milwaukee
 Minneapolis
 Nashville
 New York
 Orlando
 Philadelphia
 Phoenix
 Portland
 Richmond
 Salt
Lake City
 San Diego
 San Francisco
 Seattle
 St. Louis
 Tampa and Washington
 D.C.

We
distribute most of our products by allowing customers to pick-up products from outside storage facilities. We do not own
 lease
or otherwise maintain any vehicles involved in the shipping of our products. From our co-packing facilities
 we either ship direct
to our customers or we ship to outside public storage facilities from where our customers are able to pick up their orders. Use
of outside storage facilities in several key locations in the United States allows us to provide our customers with products in
a timely fashion. Currently
 we use two warehouses in New Jersey
 one for our frozen dessert and food products and one for our
cheese products
 and one warehouse in northern California for both categories of products.

In
addition to ice cream and cheese distributors
 our products are handled by most major national and regional natural and/or gourmet
specialty distributors in the country. We distribute our products through thirty-eight (38) distributors to the national health
food market.

Our
sales to health food accounts in fiscal 2019 increased to $6
436
000
 or 49% of total sales
 from approximately $5
850
000
 or
45% of total sales
 in fiscal 2018
 due to the growth of our cheese product sales in the natural foods category. Sales to our
kosher accounts decreased to $651
000
 or 5% of sales
 in fiscal 2019
 from sales of approximately $1
498
000
 or 11% of sales
in fiscal 2018.


    
    


The
following table presents the geographical breakdown of our sales in our largest domestic markets for the last two fiscal years.



    
Fiscal
December 28
 2019 
Fiscal
December 29
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
1
993
    
2
068
    

    
1
884
    
1
901
    

    
1
860
    
1
633
    

    
1
025
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


During
fiscal 2019
 we shipped our products to distributors in Australia
 Canada
 Egypt
 the United Kingdom (&ldquo;UK&rdquo;)
Ireland
 Israel
 Mexico
 Panama
 and South Africa. Our distributor in the UK acted as our master distributor for all of Europe
and part of the Middle East
 excluding Israel
 and sold our products into approximately twenty other countries. Sales to foreign
distributors decreased to $1
725
000
 or 13% of sales
 in fiscal 2019
 from $2
333
000
 or 18% of sales
 in fiscal 2018. During
fiscal 2019
 our foreign business was negatively impacted by a very strong U.S. dollar which made our products more expensive
in local currency. Our export business to the UK and the rest of Europe was also negatively impacted by the still unresolved Brexit
issues. Just prior to year end
 our UK master distributor was forced to declare bankruptcy and closed down their business operations
completely due to the collapse of the British pound against the US dollar. Until such time as we are able to replace this distribution
network in Europe
 our sales there will be negatively impacted. Export vegan cheese sales were also negatively impacted by new
customs requirements in Israel
 which impacted all imports into that country. The new regulations significantly increased the
time it takes to get shipments cleared through customs in Israel as government officials implement the new requirements.

We
conduct all of our foreign business in U.S. dollars. Accordingly
 our future export sales could be adversely affected by an increase
in the value of the U.S. dollar against local currencies
 which could increase the local currency price of our products. Additionally
our future export sales could be negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic.



TOFUTTI
frozen desserts compete with all forms of ice cream products
 yogurt-based desserts and other plant-based frozen desserts. We
believe that we are a leader in the dairy free frozen dessert product market and offer the most complete line of dairy free frozen
dessert products. Other plant-based frozen dessert products are presently being sold throughout the United States by established
manufacturers and distributors of ice cream and other frozen dessert products. The ice cream and frozen dessert industry is highly
competitive and most companies with whom we compete are substantially larger and have significantly greater resources than us.
All of our products face substantial competition from dairy free and dairy products marketed by companies with significantly greater
resources than we have. Similar to our frozen desserts
 all our vegan cheese products face stiff competition within their category
from both dairy cheese products and plant-based cheese products.


    
    


In
most product categories
 we compete not only with widely advertised branded products
 but also with generic and private label
products that are generally sold at lower prices. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
 product
quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to identify and
satisfy consumer preferences. Our market share and ability to grow our revenue could also be adversely impacted if we are not
successful in introducing innovative products in response to changing consumer demands or by new product introductions of our
competitors. If we are unable to build and sustain brand equity by offering recognizably superior product quality
 we may be unable
to maintain premium pricing over competitive products. We believe that we are able to compete effectively due to our ability to
offer an array of vegan cheese products
 dairy free frozen desserts
 and other food products that contain no butterfat
 cholesterol
or lactose and are 100% dairy free
 yet offer the same texture and full-bodied taste as their dairy counterparts.

PRODUCT
DEVELOPMENT

All
of our products were developed by us in our own laboratory. David Mintz
 our Chief Executive Officer
 devotes a substantial amount
of his time and effort to new product development and product reformulation. In fiscal 2019 and 2018
 our product development
expenses were approximately $324
000 and $410
000
 respectively. These amounts do not include any portion of Mr. Mintz&rsquo;s
salary. All product development costs are expensed as incurred and are recorded as operating expenses in our financial statements.



We
believe that all of our products are produced under the strictest quality control procedures that are available in each manufacturing
facility used by us. These quality control procedures include
 but are not limited to
 the cleaning processes utilized prior to
running our products; spot line inspections during production; in-house laboratory testing as required by government agencies;
supervision of all our production by our kosher supervisory service; supervision of all our vegan cheese production by our halal
supervisory service; and random testing by outside independent laboratories to ensure that our internal quality control procedures
and guidelines are being properly followed.

All
of our products are produced by co-packers to whom we supply certain key ingredients and packaging for the manufacturing processes.
Our co-packing facilities are fully licensed and must comply with all state and federal laws and regulations. We currently utilize
five co-packers. Our co-packers manufacture and package our products and
 in certain instances
 warehouse such products pending
shipment. For certain key product categories
 such as dairy free vegan cheeses and dairy free frozen desserts
 we have more than
one co-packer. In selecting an appropriate co-packer
 we take into account all of the preceding factors
 plus cost considerations
such as product processing fees and freight and warehouse expenses.

For
the years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 we purchased approximately (i) 52% and 49% of our finished goods
 respectively
from Franklin Foods

 WHIPPED BETTER THAN CREAM CHEESE
 BETTER THAN SOUR CREAM
 products
 and (ii) 19% and 20%
 respectively
 of our finished goods from Luke&rsquo;s Ice Cream
our frozen novelty dessert co-packer.

Relationships
with Co-Packers

We do not anticipate that we would encounter any material difficulty
in obtaining alternative production sources
 at a comparable cost
 if one or all of our co-packers decide to terminate their relationships
with us. Nevertheless
 any disruption in supply could have a material adverse effect on our company.


    
    


In
order to protect our formulas
 we have entered into confidentiality arrangements with our co-packers and some of our co-packers&rsquo;
employees. All of our employees
 including officers
 sign similar confidentiality agreements. There can be no assurance that such
confidentiality arrangements can or will be maintained
 or that our trade secrets
 know-how and marketing ability cannot be obtained
by others
 or that others do not now possess similar or even more effective capabilities.

Kosher
Certification 

KOF-K
Kosher Supervision
 or KOF-K
 of Teaneck
 New Jersey provides us with our kosher certification service. Before KOF-K will permit
its certification
 evidenced by its symbol
 to be placed on a product
 KOF-K must approve both the ingredients contained in the
product and the facility processing the product. Approval of the manufacturing facilities we use include periodic inspections
and in most cases
 on-site supervision of actual production. We pay a yearly renewal fee for certification and ongoing fees throughout
the year for supervisory services for each production run. We believe that our ability to successfully market and distribute our
products is dependent upon our continued compliance with the requirements of rabbinical certification. All TOFUTTI products meet
the requirements for certification as kosher-parve.

Halal
Certification 

In
early 2013
 we completed a halal certification process at Franklin Foods
 the co-packer of our 

 products and at Whitehall Specialties
the co-packer of our vegan cheese slices and bulk Better Than Mozzarella products. This certification is provided by the Islamic
Food and Nutrition Council of America (IFANCA) of Park Ridge
 Illinois and currently applies only to those products manufactured
by Franklin Foods and Whitehall Specialties. Before IFANCA will permit its certification to be placed on a product
 which is evidenced
by its symbol
 IFANCA must approve both the ingredients contained in the product and the facility processing the product. Approval
of the manufacturing facilities we use includes periodic inspections. There is a yearly renewal fee for certification. All TOFUTTI
vegan cheese products meet the requirements for certification as halal.

TRADEMARKS
AND PATENTS

We
have registered our trademark
 TOFUTTI&reg;
 and other trademarks for our frozen desserts and other products in the United States
and approximately thirty-four foreign countries. We believe our trademarks are an important means of establishing consumer recognition
for our products and we will vigorously oppose any unauthorized use of our trademarks. We are not currently involved in any trademark
litigation.

Although
we believe that our formulas and processes are proprietary
 we have not sought patent protection for such technology. Instead
we are relying on the complexity of our technology
 on trade secrecy laws and on confidentiality agreements. We believe that our
technology has been independently developed and does not infringe the patents of others.

GOVERNMENT
REGULATION

Companies
engaged in the manufacture
 packaging and distribution of food items are subject to extensive regulation by various government
agencies which
 pursuant to statutes
 rules
 and regulations
 prescribe quality
 purity
 manufacturing and labeling requirements.
Food products are often subject to &ldquo;standard of identity&rdquo; requirements
 which are promulgated at either the Federal
or state level to determine the permissible qualitative and quantitative ingredient content of food. To the extent that any product
that we seek to market does not conform to an applicable standard
 special permission to market such a product is required.


    
    


Our
United States product labels are subject to regulation by the United States Food and Drug Administration
 or the FDA. Such regulations
include standards for product descriptions
 nutritional claims
 label format
 minimum type sizes
 content and location of nutritional
information panels
 nutritional comparisons
 and ingredient content panels. Our labels
 ingredients and manufacturing processes
are subject to inspection by the FDA. We believe that we are in compliance with current labeling requirements and conduct periodic
reviews to make certain that such compliance is on-going.

The
Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the Food Safety Modernization Act and rules and regulations promulgated by the FDA thereunder
 contain
no specific Federal standard of identity which is applicable to our products. Our frozen dessert products meet the New York State
standard of identity for &ldquo;parevine
&rdquo; which has been adopted by at least eight other states. Many states require registration
and label review before food products can be sold. While approval in one jurisdiction generally indicates the products will meet
with approval in other jurisdictions
 there is no assurance that approval from other jurisdictions will be forthcoming. Additionally
many of our major customers now require that any food products that they purchase be produced in Safe Quality Food
 or SQF
 manufacturing
facilities. The SQF program is recognized by the Global Food Safety Initiative and provides a rigorous system to manage food safety
risks and provide safe products use by companies in the food industry. All of our current co-packers are SQF certified or have
completed the certification process and are awaiting final approval by the certifying organization.

Food
manufacturing facilities are subject to inspections by various safety
 health and environmental regulatory authorities. A finding
of a failure to comply with one or more regulatory requirements can result in the imposition of sanctions including the closing
of all or a portion of a company&rsquo;s facilities
 subject to a period during which the company can remedy the alleged violations.
Our Cranford
 New Jersey facility is subject to inspection by the New Jersey-Kosher Enforcement Bureau and the New Jersey Environmental
Health Services. We believe that we
 our distributors and our co-packers are in compliance in all material respects with governmental
regulations regarding our current products and have obtained the material governmental permits
 licenses
 qualifications and approvals
required for our operations. Our compliance with Federal
 state and local environmental laws has not materially affected us either
economically or in the manner in which we conduct our business. However
 there can be no assurance that our company
 our distributors
and our co-packers will be able to comply with such laws and regulations in the future or that new governmental laws and regulations
will not be introduced that could prevent or temporarily inhibit the development
 distribution and sale of our products to consumers.

New
government laws and regulations may be introduced in the future that could result in additional compliance costs
 seizures
 confiscations
recalls or monetary fines
 any of which could prevent or inhibit the development
 distribution and sale of our products. If we
fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations
 we may be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls
or seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
and financial condition.

There
are currently no new or special government laws or regulations that have been introduced as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.
However
 there can be no assurances that any such laws or regulations may not be introduced in the future
 which could have a
material adverse effect on our business.


    
    




We
employed eight persons on a full-time basis in fiscal 2019 and nine persons on a full-time basis in fiscal 2018. We do not have
any collective bargaining agreements with our employees.

Item
1A. Risk Factors.

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
described below before investing in our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business prospects
 financial
condition and results of operations could be harmed. In that case
 the value of our common stock could decline
 and you could
lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
may not be able to maintain profitable operations in the future. We may not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations
in the future. 

As
of December 28
 2019
 we had $514
000 in cash and cash equivalents and our working capital was $3
840
000. Our cash and cash equivalents
decreased from $558
000 as of December 29
 2018. The funds spent for purchases of equipment were partially offset by our
operating profit. The lack of sufficient working capital has negatively impacted our ability to introduce and adequately promote
new products. To the extent that we incur operating losses in the future or are unable to generate free cash flows from our business
we may not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations and will be required to obtain additional financing. Such financing
may not be available
 or
 if available
 may not be on terms satisfactory to us. If adequate funds are not available to us
 our
business
 and results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected.

Interruptions
in the supply of products from our co-packers and suppliers could adversely affect our revenues.

We
depend on a limited number of suppliers for ingredients
 packaging materials and the production of our products. We do not produce
any of our own products. For the years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 we purchased approximately 52% and 49%
respectively
 of our finished goods from Franklin Foods

 WHIPPED BETTER THAN CREAM
CHEESE
 BETTER THAN SOUR CREAM
 products
 and purchased approximately 19% and 20%
 respectively
of our finished goods from Luke&rsquo;s Ice Cream
 our frozen dessert novelty co-packer.

In
September 2016
 we were notified by Ice Cream Specialties
 the then co-packer of our frozen dessert stick novelties
 Tofutti Cuties
and Yours Truly Cones
 that they would cease manufacturing those products by the end of January 2018. In April 2018 we began production
of our Tofutti Cuties at Luke&rsquo;s Ice Cream
 located in Florida. Luke&rsquo;s began manufacturing Yours Truly Cones in November
2018 and began to manufacture our frozen dessert novelty bars in the second quarter of 2019. Our frozen dessert pints are produced
by Leiby&rsquo;s Dairy in Pennsylvania. Any future disruption in supply could have a further material adverse effect on our company.

We
have little control over the suppliers of ingredients to our co-packers. Disruptions in these relationships may reduce our sales
and revenues. Overall difficulty of suppliers meeting product demand
 interruptions in the supply chain
 obstacles or delays in
the process of renegotiating or renewing agreements with preferred suppliers
 financial difficulties experienced by suppliers
or the deficiency
 lack
 or poor quality of alternative suppliers could adversely impact our sales which
 in turn
 would adversely
affect our business and operating results. We believe that
 if necessary
 we could obtain available alternative sources of supply
for each of our products. Depending on the product
 that might entail using more than one source of supply.


    
    


Our
operations may be adversely affected by failure to maintain or renegotiate distribution
 supply or manufacturing agreements on
favorable terms. 

We
have a number of distribution
 supply and co-packing agreements for our supplies and products. These agreements vary depending
on the particular supply and/or product. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew these agreements on favorable
terms or that these agreements will not be terminated. Termination of these agreements or failure to renew these agreements on
favorable terms could have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Our
business and results of operations may be negatively impacted by the spread of COVID-19.

We
sell our products throughout the United States and in approximately 15 foreign countries and may be impacted by public health
crises beyond our control. This could disrupt our operations and negatively impact sales of our products. Our customers
 suppliers
and co-packers may experience similar disruption. In December 2019
 a novel strain of the Coronavirus
 COVID-19
 was reported
to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China
 which has evolved into a pandemic. This situation and preventative or protective actions that
governments have taken to counter the effects of the pandemic have resulted in a period of business disruption
 including delays
in shipments of products and raw materials. COVID-19 has spread to over 175 countries
 including the United States
 and efforts
to contain the spread of COVID-19 have intensified. To the extent the impact of COVID-19 continues or worsens
 the demand for
our products may be negatively impacted
 and we and our co-packers may have difficulty obtaining the materials necessary for the
production of our products. In addition
 the production facilities of our co-packers may be closed for sustained periods of time
and industry-wide shipment of products may be negatively impacted. COVID-19 has also impacted our sales efforts as our ability
to make sales calls is constrained. Our ability to promote sales through promotional activities has also been constrained as many
supermarkets are understaffed and unable to change pricing for items in stock
 resulting in the cancelation of all sales promotional
discounts for the foreseeable future. Trade food shows and sales conferences
 major events used to introduce and sell our products
have been postponed indefinitely. The length and severity of the pandemic could also affect our regular sales
 which could in
turn result in reduced sales and a lower gross margin.

We
are indebted to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to a promissory note which is secured by substantially all of
our assets. Any failure to meet our obligations under the note could materially harm our business
 financial condition and results
of operations. 

On
January 6
 2016
 we received a $500
000 loan from Mr. David Mintz
 our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Initially
due on December 31
 2017
 the loan has been extended until December 31
 2022 effective January 10
 2020. During the original term
of the loan it was convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of
our common stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was entered into. The extended loan is convertible into our common
stock at a conversion price of $1.77 per share at the option of the holder
 the closing price of our common stock on the OTCQB
on the date the extended promissory note was entered into. The loan bears interest at 5% per annum and may be prepaid in whole
or in part at any time without premium or penalty.

In
the event we are unable to repay the loan
 or if there is an event of default
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the
interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all of our other
obligations under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
 and Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and
all remedies available to him. Any failure to meet our obligations under the note could materially harm our business
 financial
condition and results of operations.


    
    


Successful
customer relationships are vital to our business and continued growth. 

We
must maintain strong relationships with our existing customers and build relationships with new customers in order to ensure our
products are well presented to our consumers and available for purchase in major markets. The strength of our customer relationships
also affects our ability to obtain pricing and competitive trade terms. Failure to maintain strong relationships with customers
could negatively impact our terms of business with affected customers and reduce the availability of our products to consumers.

We
rely on a limited number of key executives to manage our business. 

Our
success is significantly dependent on the services of David Mintz (age 88)
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Steven Kass (age 68)
Chief Financial Officer. The loss of the services of either of these persons could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations.

As
a branded goods business
 our success depends on the value and relevance of our brand and products to consumers and on our ability
to innovate and remain competitive. 

Consumer
tastes
 preferences and behaviors are constantly changing and our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes and to continue
to maintain loyalty to our brand and products is vital to our business. We are dependent on creating innovative products that
continue to meet the needs of our consumers. If we are unable to innovate effectively
 our sales or margins could be materially
adversely affected.

The
successful introduction of innovative products and packaging on a periodic basis has become increasingly important to our ability
to maintain and grow our sales. Accordingly
 the future degree of market acceptance of any of our new products
 and continued
acceptance of our current products
 which may be accompanied by significant promotional expenditures
 is likely to have an important
impact on our future financial results.

Our
suppliers are subject to federal
 state and local government regulations that could adversely affect our business and financial
position.

Virtually
all food manufacturing operations are subject to regulation by various federal
 state and local government entities and agencies.
As producers of food products for human consumption
 our suppliers are subject to stringent production
 packaging
 quality
 labeling
and distribution standards
 including regulations mandated by the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the Food Safety Modernization
Act
 the FDA
 OSHA
 the EPA and the USDA. Future regulation by various federal
 state or local governmental entities or agencies
could
 among other things
 increase our suppliers&rsquo; cost of production
 cause them to incur unexpected expenditures or encumber
productivity
 any of which may adversely affect our business and financial results.

We
may not be able to compete effectively in the highly competitive frozen dessert
 dairy free cheese food and health food markets.

The
dairy free frozen dessert
 cheese and health food markets are highly competitive. In addition
 many of our principal competitors
are large
 diversified companies with resources significantly greater than ours. We expect strong competition to continue
 including
competition for adequate distribution and competition for the limited shelf space for the frozen dessert and dairy free cheese
food categories in supermarkets and other retail food outlets. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to identify
and satisfy consumer preferences. Our market share and ability to grow our revenue could also be adversely impacted if we are
not successful in introducing innovative products in response to changing consumer demands or by new product introductions of
our competitors. If we are unable to build and sustain brand equity by offering recognizably superior product quality
 we may
be unable to maintain premium pricing over competitive products.


    
    


From
time to time
 we and our customers experience price pressure in some of our markets as a result of competitors&rsquo; promotional
pricing practices as well as general market conditions. Our failure to match or exceed our competitors&rsquo; cost reductions
through innovative products and other improvements could weaken our competitive position. Competition is based on product quality
reliability
 food safety
 distribution effectiveness
 brand loyalty
 price
 effective promotional activities
 the ability to identify
and satisfy emerging consumer preferences and the ability to provide ancillary support services. We may not be able to compete
effectively with these larger
 more diversified companies.

A
material change in consumer demand for our products could have a significant impact on our business. 

We
are a consumer food products company and rely on continued demand for our products. To achieve business goals
 we must develop
and sell products that appeal to consumers. If demand and growth rates fall substantially below expected levels or our market
share declines significantly in these businesses
 our results could be negatively impacted. This could occur due to unforeseen
negative economic or political events or to changes in consumer trends and habits.

Breaches
of network or information technology security could have an adverse effect on our business. 

We
rely heavily on IT systems to manage critical functions such as operations
 data storage and retrieval
 revenue recognition
 budgeting
forecasting
 financial reporting and other administrative functions. Cyber-attacks or other breaches of network or information
technology
 or IT
 may cause equipment failures or disrupt our systems and operations. In particular
 both unsuccessful and successful
cyber-attacks on companies have increased in frequency
 scope and potential harm in recent years. Such an event may result in
our inability to communicate with our co-packers
 operate our facilities
 which
 even if the event is for a limited period of
time
 may result in significant expenses and/or loss of market share to other competitors.

A
party who is able to compromise the security measures on our networks or the security of our infrastructure could
 among other
things
 misappropriate our proprietary information and the personal information of our customers and employees
 cause interruptions
or malfunctions in our or our customers&rsquo; operations
 cause delays or interruptions to our ability to meet customer needs
cause us to breach our legal
 regulatory or contractual obligations
 create an inability to access or rely upon critical business
records or cause other disruptions in our operations. These breaches may result from human errors
 equipment failure
 or fraud
or malice on the part of employees or third parties. Our exposure to cybersecurity threats and negative consequences of cybersecurity
breaches will likely increase as we store increasing amounts of customer data.

We
seek to protect against such threats and may be required to expend significant financial resources to alleviate problems caused
by physical
 electronic
 and cyber security breaches. As techniques used to breach security are growing in frequency and sophistication
and are generally not recognized until launched against a target
 regardless of our protection efforts
 we may not be able to
implement security measures in a timely manner or
 if and when implemented
 these measures could be circumvented. Any breaches
that may occur could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits
 loss of existing or potential future customers
 harm to our reputation
and increases in our security costs
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operating results.

In
the event of a breach resulting in loss of data
 such as personally identifiable information or other such data protected by data
privacy or other laws
 we may be liable for damages
 fines and penalties for such losses under applicable regulatory frameworks
despite not handling the data. Furthermore
 if a high-profile security breach or cyber-attack occurs with respect to another provider
of mission-critical data center facilities
 our customers and potential customers may lose trust in the security of these business
models generally
 which could harm our reputation and brand image as well as our ability to retain existing customers or attract
new ones. In addition
 the regulatory framework around data custody
 data privacy and breaches varies by jurisdiction and is an
evolving area of law. We may not be able to limit our liability or damages in the event of such a loss.


    
    


While
we maintain insurance coverage for some of these events
 the potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the
insurance coverage we maintain. A failure to protect the privacy of customer and employee confidential data against breaches of
network or IT security could result in damage to our reputation. Any of these occurrences could result in a material adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial condition.

Our
operating costs are subject to fluctuations which could affect our business results.

The
principal raw materials that we use are commodities that experience price volatility caused by external conditions such as weather
product scarcity
 limited sources of supply
 commodity market fluctuations
 currency fluctuations
 and changes in governmental
agricultural and energy policies and regulations. Commodity price changes may result in unexpected increases in raw material
packaging
 and energy costs. Therefore
 our success is dependent
 in part
 on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations
through pricing actions
 cost savings projects and sourcing decisions. In the manufacturing and general overhead areas
 we need
to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements
 including any key sole supplier and manufacturing plant arrangements.

Economic
conditions adversely affecting consumer discretionary spending may negatively impact our business and operating results.

We
believe that our revenues and profitability are strongly correlated to consumer discretionary spending
 which is influenced by
general economic conditions
 unemployment levels
 and the availability of discretionary income. In an economic downturn or in
the event of the continued spread of COVID-19
 our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Our
operating results vary quarterly.

ales
to our major customers fluctuate widely from period to period and there is no way to accurately predict that their sales pattern
from one year will be repeated in the corresponding period of the next fiscal year. Due to the foregoing factors
 in some future
quarter our operating results may be below the expectations of investors. In such event
 it is likely that the price of our common
stock would be materially adversely affected.

We
have no registered patents. The absence of patent protection could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We
rely upon the confidentiality of our formulas and our know-how rather than upon patent protection. There is no assurance that
such confidentiality can or will be maintained or that our know-how cannot be obtained by others or that others do not now possess
similar or even more effective capabilities. The failure to maintain the confidentiality of our know-how could adversely affect
our operating results.

Unanticipated
business disruptions could adversely affect our ability to provide our products to our customers.

We
have a complex network of suppliers
 co-manufacturing locations
 distribution networks
 and information systems that support our
ability to consistently provide our products to our customers. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control
 such as
weather
 raw material shortages
 natural disasters
 fires or explosions
 terrorism
 or health pandemics
 such as the new coronavirus
COVID-19
 that originated in China
 could damage or disrupt our operations or our suppliers&rsquo;
 co-manufacturers&rsquo; or
distributors&rsquo; operations. These disruptions may require additional resources to restore our supply chain or distribution
network. If we cannot respond to disruptions in our operations
 whether by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity
at key manufacturing or distribution locations
 or if we are unable to quickly repair damage to our information
 production
 or
supply systems
 we may be late in delivering
 or be unable to deliver
 products to our customers and may also be unable to track
orders
 inventory
 receivables
 and payables. If that occurs
 our customers&rsquo; confidence in us and long-term demand for our
products could decline. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 financial condition
 and
operating results.


    
    


We
are subject to risks associated with international operations

In
fiscal 2019
 approximately 13% of our revenues were from international sales. Although we intend to expand our international operations
we cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain or increase international market demand for our products. To the extent
that we cannot do so in a timely manner
 our business
 operating results and financial condition will be adversely affected. International
operations are subject to inherent risks
 including the following:



    
different
    and changing regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we currently operate or may operate in the future;

    
    

    
the
    impact of possible recessionary environments in multiple foreign markets;

    
    

    
export
    restrictions
 tariffs and other trade barriers;

    
    

    
difficulties
    in managing and supporting foreign operations;

    
    

    
longer
    payment cycles; 

    
    

    
difficulties
    in collecting accounts receivable;

    
    

    
political
    and economic changes
 hostilities and other disruptions in regions where we currently sell or products or may sell our products
    in the future; and

    
    

    
seasonal
    reductions in business activities.


Negative
developments in any of these areas in one or more countries could result in a reduction in demand for our products
 the cancellation
or delay of orders already placed
 difficulty in collecting receivables
 and a higher cost of doing business
 any of which could
adversely affect our business
 results of operations or financial condition.

We
may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

Our
foreign transactions are always in U.S. dollars. Therefore
 our future export sales could be adversely affected by an increase
in the value of the U.S. dollar
 which could increase the local currency price of our products. There can be no assurance such
fluctuations in the future will not materially and adversely affect our revenues from international sales and
 consequently
 our
business
 operating results and financial condition.


    
    


Incidents
involving food-borne illnesses
 food tampering
 or food contamination involving our products or our supply chain could create
negative publicity and significantly harm our operating results.

While
we and our co-packers dedicate substantial resources to food safety matters to enable customers to enjoy safe
 quality food products
food safety events
 including instances of food-borne illness (such as salmonella or E. Coli)
 have occurred in the food industry
in the past
 and could occur in the future. Instances or reports
 whether true or not
 of food-safety issues
 such as food-borne
illnesses
 food tampering
 food contamination or mislabeling
 either during the growing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 storing
 or
preparation of products
 have in the past severely injured the reputations of companies in the frozen desert and dairy sectors
and could affect us as well. Any report linking us
 our suppliers or co-packers to food-borne illnesses or food tampering
 contamination
mislabeling
 or other food-safety issues could damage the value of our brands immediately and severely hurt sales of our products
and possibly lead to product liability claims
 litigation (including class actions)
 or other damages. In addition
 food safety
incidents
 whether or not involving our brands
 could result in negative publicity for the industry or market segments in which
we operate. Increased use of social media could create and/or amplify the effects of negative publicity. This negative publicity
may reduce demand for our products.

Product
liability suits
 if brought
 could have a material adverse effect on our business.

From
time to time in the normal course of our business
 we become subject to product liability claims. If a product liability claim
exceeding our insurance coverage were to be successfully asserted against us
 it could harm our business. We cannot assure you
that such coverage will be sufficient to insure against claims which may be brought against us
 or that we will be able to maintain
such insurance or obtain additional insurance covering existing or new products. As a marketer of food products
 we are subject
to the risk of claims for product liability. We maintain general product liability and umbrella insurance coverage and generally
require that our co-packers maintain product liability insurance with us as a co-insured. Similarly
 most of our customers require
us to name them as additional insureds as well
 and in some cases we are required to sign hold harmless and indemnification agreements.

Our
failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have an
adverse effect on our financial results and the market price of our common stock.

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 imposes certain duties on us and our executives and directors. Our efforts to comply with the requirements
of Section 404 have resulted in increased general and administrative expense and a diversion of management time and attention
and we expect these efforts to require the continued commitment of resources. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us
to provide management&rsquo;s annual review and evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting in connection with
the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for each fiscal year. Based on our evaluation under the frameworks described above
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective
as of December 28
 2019 because of the following material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting:



    
a
    continuing lack of sufficient resources and an insufficient level of monitoring and oversight
 which may restrict our ability
    to gather
 analyze and report information relative to the financial statements
 including but not limited to accounting estimates
    reserves
 allowances
 and income tax matters
 in a timely manner.

    
    

    
The
    limited size of the accounting department makes it impracticable to achieve an optimum separation of duties and monitoring
    of internal controls.


Our
failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could result in investigation or sanctions by regulatory
authorities
 and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results
 investor confidence in our reported financial
information
 and the market price of our common stock.


    
    


Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock 

Our
principal shareholder has the ability to control the policies and management of our company.

Our
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 David Mintz
 holds 2
630
440 shares of common stock representing approximately
51.0% of the outstanding shares. For as long as Mr. Mintz has a controlling interest in our company
 he will have the ability
to exercise a controlling influence over our business and affairs
 including any determinations with respect to potential mergers
or other business combinations involving us
 our acquisition or disposition of assets
 our incurrence of indebtedness
 our issuance
of any additional common shares or other equity securities
 our repurchase or redemption of common shares and our payment of dividends.
Similarly
 as long as Mr. Mintz has a controlling interest in our company
 he will have the power to determine the outcome of
matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders
 including the power to elect all of the members of our board of directors and
prevent an acquisition or any other change in control of us.

Trading
on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets may be volatile and sporadic
 which could depress the market price of our common stock and
make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares.

Since
October 24
 2016 our common stock has been quoted on the OTCQB tier of the electronic quotation system operated by OTC Markets.
Trading in stock quoted on the OTC Markets is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices
 due to many
factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of
our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover
 the OTC Markets is not a stock exchange
 and trading
of securities on the OTC Markets is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like NASDAQ
or a stock exchange like the NYSE MKT. Accordingly
 shareholders may have difficulty reselling any of their shares and the lack
of liquidity may negatively impact our ability to pursue strategic alternatives.

Penny
stock rules will limit the ability of our stockholders to sell their stock.

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; to be any equity security
that has a market price (as defined) less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain
exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules
 which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell to persons other than established customers and &ldquo;accredited investors.&rdquo; The term &ldquo;accredited investor&rdquo;
refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of $5
000
000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of $1
000
000 or
annual income exceeding $200
000 or $300
000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to
a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form
prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission
 which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of
risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the
penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. The bid and offer quotations
 and the broker-dealer
and salesperson compensation information
 must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction
and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer&rsquo;s confirmation. In addition
 the penny stock rules
require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules
 the broker-dealer must make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written
agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the
secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently
 these penny stock rules may affect the
ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit
the marketability of our common stock.


    
    


The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
 or FINRA
 has adopted sales practice requirements which may also limit a shareholder&rsquo;s
ability to buy and sell our stock.

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above
 FINRA has adopted rules that require that
 in recommending an investment to
a customer
 a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior
to recommending speculative
 low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers
 broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts
to obtain information about the customer&rsquo;s financial status
 tax status
 investment objectives and other information. Under
interpretations of these rules
 FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative
 low-priced securities will not
be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their
customers buy our common stock
 which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market
for its shares.

Volatility
of the market price of our common stock could adversely affect our shareholders and us.

The
market price of our common stock has been subject to fluctuations in the past and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response
to numerous factors
 including the following:



    
actual
    or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results or those of our competitors;

    
    

    
announcements
    by us or our competitors of new and enhanced products;

    
    

    
developments
    or disputes concerning proprietary rights;

    
    

    
introduction
    and adoption of new industry standards;

    
    

    
market
    conditions or trends in our industry;

    
    

    
announcements
    by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions;

    
    

    
entry
    into strategic partnerships or joint ventures by us or our competitors; 

    
    

    
additions
    or departures of key personnel; 

    
    

    
political
    and economic conditions
 such as a recession or interest rate or currency rate fluctuations or political events; and 

    
    

    
other
    events or factors in any of the countries in which we do business
 including those resulting from war
 incidents of terrorism
    natural disasters
 pandemics or responses to such events.


In
addition
 in recent years the stock market has been highly volatile. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may materially
adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares
 regardless of our performance. In the past
 following periods of market
volatility
 shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation relating to the stock trading and price volatility
of the company in question. If we were involved in any securities litigation
 it could result in substantial cost to us to defend
and divert resources and the attention of management from our business.

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends.

Our
policy is to retain earnings
 if any
 for use in our business and
 for this reason
 we do not intend to pay cash dividends on
our shares of common stock in the foreseeable future.


    
    




Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments.






Item
    2. 
    


Our
facilities are located in a one-story facility in Cranford
 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses our administrative
offices
 a warehouse
 walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen. Our lease agreement
expired in 1999
 but we continue to occupy the premises under the terms of that agreement
 subject to a six month notification
period from us and the landlord with respect to any changes. We currently have no plans to enter into a long-term lease agreement
for the facility. Our rent expense was $77
000 in both fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018. Our management believes that the Cranford
facility will continue to satisfy our space requirements for the foreseeable future. We rent warehouse storage space at various
outside facilities. Outside warehouse expenses amounted to $458
000 and $448
000 during fiscal 2019 and 2018
 respectively.



Item
    3. 
Legal
    Proceedings.


We
are not a party to any material litigation.



Item
    4. 
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.


Not
applicable.

PART
II



Item
    5. 
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.


Our
common stock was listed on the American Stock Exchange
 or the AMEX
 on October 29
 1985 and traded on the AMEX or its successor
NYSE MKT
 under the symbol TOF until October 24
 2016 when our common stock began to be quoted on the OTCQB tier of the electronic
quotation system operated by OTC Markets under the symbol TOFB.

Each
share ranks equally as to dividends
 voting rights
 participation in assets on winding-up and in all other respects. No shares
have been or will be issued subject to call or assessment. There are no preemptive rights
 provisions for redemption or for either
cancellation or surrender
 or provisions for sinking or purchase funds.

The
closing price for our common stock on April 20
 2020
 as reported on the OTCQB
 was $1.45.

Holders
of Record

As
of April 20
 2020
 there were approximately 338 direct holders of record of our common stock.



We
have never paid and have no present intention of paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.


    
    


2014
Equity Incentive Plan 

Our
shareholders adopted our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) on June 10
 2014. As of December 28
 2019
 we had
issued 80
000 non-qualified stock option awards under the Plan. No option awards were granted in the two fiscal years ended December
29
 2018 or December 28
 2019. The Plan provides for grants of various types of awards (&ldquo;Awards&rdquo;) that are designed
to attract and retain highly qualified employees and directors who will contribute to the success of the company and to provide
incentives to participants in this Plan that are linked directly to increases in shareholder value which will
 therefore
 inure
to the benefit of all of our shareholders. The Plan will expire on June 9
 2024. The Plan makes 250
000 shares of our common stock
available for Awards under the Plan. The Plan also permits performance-based Awards paid under the Plan to be tax deductible to
the company as &ldquo;performance-based compensation&rdquo; under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
(the &ldquo;Code&rdquo;).



The
Plan is administered in accordance with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code (but only to the extent necessary and desirable
to qualify Awards under the Plan as &ldquo;performance-based compensation&rdquo; under Section 162(m)) and
 to the extent applicable
Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act (&ldquo;Rule 16b-3&rdquo;)
 by the Board or
 at the Board&rsquo;s sole discretion
 by the compensation
or any other committee of the Board
 as appointed by the Board (the &ldquo;Administrator&rdquo;).

Eligible
Participants

Incentive
stock options
 or ISOs
 may be granted only to employees (including officers and directors who are also employees) of the company.
Options and stock appreciation rights may be granted only to eligible participants as to whom company shares constitute &ldquo;service
recipient stock
&rdquo; within the meaning of the regulations under Section 409A of the Code. All other Awards may be granted
to employees
 officers and directors of the company. An Eligible Participant may be granted more than one Award under the Plan.

The
Plan allows us to grant ISOs to our employees and non-statutory stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 performance
grants
 stock bonuses and any other types of equity-based awards to our employees
 officers and directors. We believe that our
ability to grant this broad array of equity incentives is critical to secure
 retain and motivate our employees and directors
and to respond to market conditions and best practices
 while at the same time balancing such issuances and the potential dilution
to our stockholders.

Sales
of Unregistered Securities 

There
were no sales of unregistered securities during fiscal 2019.

Purchase
of Equity Securities By the Issuer and Affiliates 

We
did not purchase any shares of our common stock in the thirteen weeks ended December 28
 2019 (the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019).



Item
    6. 
Selected
    Financial Data.


Not
applicable.


    
    




Item
    7. 
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.


The
following is management&rsquo;s discussion and analysis of certain significant factors which have affected our financial position
and operating results during the periods included in the accompanying audited financial statements.

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The
preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The policies discussed below are considered by management
to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements because their application places the most significant demands on
management&rsquo;s judgment
 with financial reporting results relying on estimation about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain. Specific risks for these critical accounting policies are described in the following paragraphs. For all of these policies
management cautions that future events rarely develop exactly as forecast
 and the best estimates routinely require adjustment.

Revenue
Recognition.
 frozen desserts and other food products. We recognize revenue
when control over the products transfers to our customers
 which generally occurs when the product is shipped or picked up from
one of our distribution locations by the customer. We account for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities
with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded
net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns. Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade
discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of sale. We base these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical
utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product returns
 are monitored and
adjusted each period until the incentives or product returns are realized.

Key
sales terms
 such as pricing and quantities ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements
and related incentives have a one year or shorter duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize
product fulfillment costs in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. We generally do not have any unbilled receivables
at the end of a period.

Accounts
Receivable
Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customers&rsquo; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts
receivable are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful
accounts and reserve for sales promotions. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past
due. We determine whether an allowance is necessary by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts
receivable are past due
 our previous loss history
 the customer&rsquo;s current ability to pay its obligation
 and the condition
of the general economy and the industry as a whole. We write-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible
 and payments
subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the bad debt expense account. We do not accrue interest on accounts
receivable past due.

Inventory.

excess of future demand are written down and charged to the provision for inventories. At the point of which loss is recognized
a new
 lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the
restoration or increase in the newly established cost basis.


    
    


Fixed
Assets.
 we spent $121
000 on equipment to be used at our new co-packer&rsquo;s frozen dessert facility.
During fiscal 2019
 we spent an additional $29
000 on equipment for this facility. This equipment began being used in connection
Depreciation is provided by charges to
income using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of ten years.

Leases.

 operating lease expense is generally recognized evenly over the term of the lease. We have operating leases
primarily consisting of facilities with remaining lease terms of approximately two to four years. Leases with an initial term
of twelve months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. For lease agreements entered into or reassessed after the adoption
of Topic 842
 we have combined the lease and non-lease components in determining the lease liabilities and right of use assets.

Income
Taxes
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded if there is uncertainty
as to the realization of deferred tax assets. We will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax
position only if management&rsquo;s assessment is that the position is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; (i.e.
 a likelihood
greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term
&ldquo;tax position&rdquo; refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future
tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

Our
company considers the applicability and impact of all Accounting Standard Updates (&ldquo;ASUs&rdquo;). ASUs not discussed below
were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on our balance sheets or statements
of operations.

In
February 2016
 the FASB established Topic 842
 Leases
 by issuing Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 which requires
lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 was subsequently
amended by ASU No. 2018-01
 Land Easement Practical Expedient for Transition to Topic 842; ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements
to Topic 842
 Leases; ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements; and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors. The
new standard establishes a right-of-use model (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;) that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability
on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating
 with
classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense recognition in the income statement.

The
new standard was effective for our company on December 30
 2018. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
 applying
the new standard to all leases existing at the date of initial application. An entity may choose to use either (1) its effective
date or (2) the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial application.
If an entity chooses the second option
 the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered into between
the date of initial application and the effective date. The entity must also recast its comparative period financial statements
and provide the disclosures required by the new standard for the comparative periods. We adopted the new standard on December
30
 2018 and used the effective date as our date of initial application. Consequently
 financial information will not be updated
and the disclosures required under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before December 30
 2018.


    
    


The
new standard provides several optional practical expedients in transition. We elected the &lsquo;package of practical expedients&rsquo;
which permits us not to reassess under the new standard our prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease classification
and initial direct costs.

The
new standard also provides practical expedients for an entity&rsquo;s ongoing accounting. We elected the short-term lease recognition
exemption for all leases that qualify. This means
 for those leases that qualify
 we will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities
and this includes not recognizing ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases of those assets in transition.
We did not elect the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components for any of our leases.

The
adoption of the standard resulted in a material effect on our financial statements with a balance sheet recognition of additional
lease assets of $346
000 and lease liabilities of approximately $362
000.

In
June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments. The amendments in this Update require a new topic to be added (Topic 326) to the Accounting Standards Codification
(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) and removes the thresholds that entities apply to measure credit losses on financial instruments measured
at amortized cost
 such as loans
 trade receivables
 reinsurance recoverables
 and off-balance-sheet credit exposures
 and held-to-maturity
securities. Under current U.S. GAAP
 entities generally recognize credit losses when it is probable that the loss has been incurred.
The guidance under ASU 2016-13 will remove all current recognition thresholds and will require entities under the new current
expected credit loss (&ldquo;CECL&rdquo;) model to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between the amortized
cost basis of a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that an entity expects to collect over the instrument&rsquo;s
contractual life. The new CECL model is based upon expected losses rather than incurred losses. The ASU is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the
effect that this new guidance will have on our financial statements and related disclosures.

Key
Factors Affecting Our Business 

Our
operations and the operating metrics discussed below have been
 and will likely continue to be affected by certain key factors
as well as certain historical events and actions. The key factors affecting our business and results of operations include among
others
 our lack of sufficient working capital
 dependence on a few key distributors for a significant portion of our sales
 dependence
on several key suppliers to produce our products
 our reliance on a limited number of key executives to manage our business
 and
competition. For further discussion of the factors affecting our results of operations
 see &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;

We
may not be able to maintain profitability in the future and may not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations in
the future. 

While
our operations have been profitable for two of the last three fiscal years
 we also incurred losses in prior years. Our cash and
cash equivalents decreased to $514
000 while our working capital increased to $3
840
000 as of December 28
 2019. The lack of
sufficient working capital in the future could negatively impact our ability to introduce and adequately promote new products.
To the extent that we incur operating losses in the future or are unable to generate free cash flows from our business
 we may
not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations and will be required to obtain additional financing. Such financing
may not be available
 or
 if available
 may not be on terms satisfactory to us. If we are unable to maintain revenues
 we may
not be able sustain profitable operations in the future or generate positive cash flows from our operations.


    
    


We
depend on a few key distributors for a significant portion of our sales. 

A
significant portion of our sales are to several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies with numerous divisions
and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted for 44% and 42% of our net sales for the fiscal
years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 respectively. Although we believe that the business associated with any of
our primary distributors can be readily transferred to other distributors or directly to supermarket warehouses if necessary
no assurance can be given that a change in distributors would not be disruptive to our business
 which could have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations.

Interruptions
in the supply of products from our co-packers and suppliers could adversely affect our revenues.

We
depend on a limited number of suppliers for ingredients
 packaging materials and the production of our products. We do not produce
any of our own products. For the years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 we purchased approximately 52% and 49%
respectively
 of our finished goods from Franklin Foods

 WHIPPED BETTER THAN CREAM
CHEESE
 BETTER THAN SOUR CREAM
 products
 and purchased approximately 19% and 20%
 respectively
of our finished goods from Luke&rsquo;s Ice Cream
 our frozen dessert novelty co-packer.

In
September 2016
 we were notified by Ice Cream Specialties
 the co-packer of our frozen dessert stick novelties
 Tofutti Cuties
and Yours Truly Cones
 that they would cease manufacturing those products by the end of January 2018. In April 2018 we began production
of our Tofutti Cuties at our new frozen dessert novelty co-packer
 Luke&rsquo;s Ice Cream
 located in Florida. Luke&rsquo;s began
manufacturing Yours Truly Cones in November 2018 and began to manufacture our frozen dessert novelty bars in the second quarter
of 2019. Our frozen dessert pints are produced by Leiby&rsquo;s Dairy in Pennsylvania. Any future disruption in supply could have
a material adverse effect on our company.

We
have little control over the suppliers of ingredients to our co-packers. Disruptions in these relationships may reduce our sales
and revenues. Overall difficulty of suppliers meeting product demand
 interruptions in the supply chain
 obstacles or delays in
the process of renegotiating or renewing agreements with preferred suppliers
 financial difficulties experienced by suppliers
or the deficiency
 lack
 or poor quality of alternative suppliers could adversely impact our sales which
 in turn
 would adversely
affect our business and operating results. We believe that
 if necessary
 we could obtain available alternative sources of supply
for each of our products. Depending on the product
 that might entail using more than one source of supply.

We
have a complex network of suppliers
 co-manufacturing locations
 distribution networks
 and information systems that support our
ability to consistently provide our products to our customers. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control
 such as
weather
 raw material shortages
 natural disasters
 fires or explosions
 terrorism
 or health pandemics
 such as COVID-19
 could
damage or disrupt our operations or our suppliers&rsquo;
 co-packers&rsquo; or distributors&rsquo; operations. These disruptions
may require additional resources to restore our supply chain or distribution network. If we cannot respond to disruptions in our
operations
 whether by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations
 or
if we are unable to quickly repair damage to our information
 production
 or supply systems
 we may be late in delivering
 or
be unable to deliver
 products to our customers and may also be unable to track orders
 inventory
 receivables
 and payables.
If that occurs
 our customers&rsquo; confidence in us and long-term demand for our products could decline. Any of these events
could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 financial condition
 and operating results.


    
    


We
rely on a limited number of key executives to manage our business. 

Our
success is significantly dependent on the services of David Mintz (age 88)
 our Chief Executive Officer
 and Steven Kass (age
68)
 our Chief Financial Officer. The loss of the services of either of these persons could have a material adverse effect on
our business and results of operations.



The
dairy free
 vegan frozen dessert and food and health food markets are highly competitive. In addition
 many of our principal competitors
are large
 diversified companies with resources significantly greater than ours. We expect strong competition to continue
 including
competition for adequate distribution and competition for the limited shelf space for the frozen dessert and dairy free cheese
food categories in supermarkets and other retail food outlets.

From
time to time
 we and our customers experience price pressure in some of our markets as a result of competitors&rsquo; promotional
pricing practices as well as general market conditions. Our failure to match or exceed our competitors&rsquo; cost reductions
through innovative products and other improvements could weaken our competitive position. Competition is based on product quality
reliability
 food safety
 distribution effectiveness
 brand loyalty
 price
 effective promotional activities
 the ability to identify
and satisfy emerging consumer preferences and the ability to provide ancillary support services. We may not be able to compete
effectively with these larger
 more diversified companies.

Recent
Developments

An
outbreak of infectious respiratory illness caused by a novel coronavirus known as COVID-19 was first detected in China in December
2019 and has now spread globally. This outbreak has resulted in travel restrictions
 closed international borders
 enhanced health
screenings at ports of entry and elsewhere
 disruption of and delays in healthcare service preparation and delivery
 prolonged
quarantines
 cancellations
 supply chain disruptions
 and lower consumer demand
 layoffs
 defaults and other significant economic
impacts
 as well as general concern and uncertainty. The impact of this outbreak has adversely affected the economies of many
nations and the entire global economy and may impact our company in ways that cannot necessarily be foreseen. Other infectious
illness outbreaks that may arise in the future could have similar impacts. Public health crises caused by the outbreak may exacerbate
other pre-existing political
 social and economic risks in certain countries or globally.

The
current severity of the pandemic and the uncertainty regarding the length of its effects could have negative consequences for
our company. To date
 the effects of the pandemic have not materially affected our company&rsquo;s operations. All of our co-packing
facilities are currently operating as normal and the pandemic has not constrained any of our production requirements. We continue
to be able to schedule trucks for delivery and a large majority of our customers are still operating and ordering our products
as before.

Most
of our administrative functions are being performed remotely. A small skeleton crew maintains the office for those functions that
cannot be handled remotely. Our ability to collect money
 pay bills
 handle customer and consumer communications
 schedule production
and order ingredients necessary for our production has not been impacted. To date
 the pandemic has had minimal impact on our
sales. The majority of our sales relate to retail products sold in supermarkets. Supermarket sales in general have seen a substantial
surge in business due to the pandemic
 as consumers stock up on all products that they would normally purchase. The only negative
effect to our business to date has been with respect to our food service sales to retail outlets
 such as restaurants and small
food shops
 which account for a small part of our total business. We expect that any potential decline in our sales will be offset
in whole or in part by a similar decline in sales and marketing expenses due to social distancing restrictions and other current
government rules and regulations that preclude face to face sales meeting
 attendance at trade shows and the initiation of new
promotions.


    
    


To
date we have not experienced a significant change in the timeliness of payments of our invoices and our cash position remains
stable with approximately $900
000 of cash and cash equivalents as of March 31
 2019.

Depending
on the length and severity of the pandemic
 it could negatively affect our business in the following ways:



    
    
An
    outbreak of the virus at one of our production facilities could eliminate or greatly reduce our ability to maintain production
    to support our level of sales.

    
    
    

    
    
Some
    of our customers may have to reduce or completely eliminate their ability to receive orders if there is an outbreak at their
    facilities
 which would have a negative impact on our sales.

    
    
    

    
    
Some
    of our customers may ultimately go out of business
 which would increase our bad debt expense exposure.

    
    
    

    
    
More
    restrictive government rules and regulations could have a negative impact on consumers&rsquo; ability to purchase food and
    other items at retail stores
 which would have a negative impact on our sales.

    
    
    

    
    
Due
    to retail outlets prioritizing and maintaining availability of only products they currently sell
 our inability to present
    and introduce new products may have a negative impact on our future sales.

    
    
    

    
    
Our
    export business could be further negatively impacted by a further decline in foreign currencies against the dollar if foreign
    economies suffer severe negative consequences as a result of the pandemic.

    
    
    

    
    
Certain
    of our customers
 such as retail food service accounts
 which have ceased current operations
 may not resume operations
 which
    could have a negative impact on our future sales.

    
    
    

    
    
Current
    social distancing rules and other regulations have caused most consumers to go out and over-buy products
 especially food
    items
 for fear that new
 more restrictive rules could be put in place that would eliminate their ability to purchase any
    items for a prolonged period of time. Once these rules have been relaxed or eliminated
 there will likely be a significant
    reduction in consumer demand as they use up their excess purchases. Such a drop in consumer demand could have a negative impact
    upon our future sales.

    
    
    

    
    
Future
    social distancing and government rules and regulations that remain in place that restrict the ability of consumers to shop
    and purchase food
 or certain types of food as they had done prior to the outbreak of the pandemic could have a negative impact
    upon our sales.


If
some or all of the preceding events take place
 they would have a significant impact on our ability to maintain our current level
of operations without a further infusion of capital.

Fiscal
Year Ended December 28
 2019 Compared with Fiscal Year Ended December 29
 2018 

We
operate on a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal years for the financial statements included in
this report are the fifty-two week period ended December 28
 2019 (fiscal 2019) and the fifty-two week period ended December 29
2018 (fiscal 2018).

Net
sales for the fiscal year ended December 28
 2019 were $13
130
000
 a small increase of $64
000 from net sales of $13
066
000
for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2018. Sales of our frozen dessert and frozen food product lines decreased to $1
889
000
in fiscal 2019 from $2
255
000 in fiscal 2018. Sales of vegan cheese products increased to $11
241
000 in fiscal 2019 from $10
811
000
BETTER THAN SOUR CREAM

due to the startup of our new frozen novelty plant in 2019. Domestic sales of our cheese products increased while our export cheese
business was negatively impacted by political uncertainty in the UK and its impact on the UK&rsquo;s currency. Since our master
distributor in the UK managed our sales for the rest of Europe
 our sales there have been negatively impacted by the issues in

in Israel
 which impacted all imports into that country. The new regulations significantly increased the time it takes to get
shipments cleared through customs in Israel as government officials implement the new requirements.


    
    


Our
gross profit for the year ended December 28
 2019 decreased by $67
000 to $4
037
000 from $4
104
000. Our gross profit percentage
for the years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018 was 31%. Sales promotion and allowance expense was $1
378
000 for
the year ended December 28
 2019 compared to $1
513
000 for the year ended December 29
 2018. We intend to increase gross profitability
in future periods through selective price increases and selective ingredient replacements to lower-cost alternatives.

Freight
out expense increased slightly to $943
000
 or 3%
 for the year ended December 28
 2019 compared with $918
000 for the year ended
December 29
 2018 due to the slight increase in sales. Freight out cost as a percentage of sales in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018
was approximately 7%.

Selling
and warehousing expenses increased by $275
000
 or 20%
 to $1
632
000 for fiscal 2019 from $1
357
000 in fiscal 2018. This increase
was primarily attributable to increases in commission expense of $53
000
 outside warehouse rental expense of $10
000
 messenger
expense of $8
000
 meetings and conventions expense of $14
000
 payroll expense of $15
000 and bad debt expense of $209
000. These
increases were partially offset by a decrease in travel
 entertainment and auto expense of $18
000. The increase in bad debt expense
was primarily a result of writing off the receivables of our UK master distributor
 whom we no longer utilize
 and the future
uncertainty of the collectability of some of our other foreign accounts due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The increase in our commission
expense was due to the one-time retainer paid to a food service broker
 which will not recur in 2020. We anticipate that selling
expenses as a percentage of sales in fiscal 2020 will decline from those in fiscal 2019 due to reduced payroll expense due to
one less person in sales
 the non-recurrence of a one-time commission expense
 and an anticipated reduction in bad debt expense.

Marketing
expenses increased in fiscal 2019 by $53
000
 or 18%
 to $347
000 from $294
000 in fiscal 2018 due to an increase in promotion
expense of $60
000
 which was partially offset by a decrease in advertising expense of $6
000. We expect that marketing expenses
in fiscal 2020 will decline from our expenses in fiscal 2019
 due to the elimination of certain promotional activities in 2020
due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Product
development expenses decreased by $86
000
 or 21%
 to $324
000 in fiscal 2019 from $410
000 in fiscal 2018. The decrease was primarily
attributable to decreases in payroll expense of $38
000
 lab costs and supplies expense of $37
000 and equipment repairs expense
of $8
000. We expect that product development costs will remain constant or decline slightly in fiscal 2020.

General
and administrative expenses decreased by $45
000
 or 3%
 to $1
626
000 for fiscal 2019 from $1
671
000 for fiscal 2018. The decrease
was primarily due to decreases in payroll expense of $13
000
 travel
 entertainment and auto expense of $36
000
 building maintenance
and repairs expense of $15
000
 equipment rental expense of $9
000
 and general insurance expense of $11
000. These decreases
were partially offset by increases in professional fees and outside services expenses of $16
000 and IT expense of $36
000. We
expect that general and administrative expenses will remain constant or decrease slightly in fiscal 2020.

Overall
total operating expenses in fiscal 2019 increased by $197
000
 or 5%
 to $3
929
000 compared to total operating expenses of $3
732
000
in fiscal 2018.

Income
before income taxes decreased to $83
000 in fiscal 2019 as compared with income before income taxes of $347
000 in fiscal 2018.

Income
tax expense for the 2019 fiscal period was $5
000 compared to income tax benefit of $160
000 for the 2018 fiscal period. Our income
tax benefit in 2018 resulted from our use of federal and state net operating loss carryforwards. Our income tax benefit during
the 2018 fiscal period was due to a reversal of valuation allowance on deferred tax assets as we concluded we will be able to
utilize such assets in future periods. As of December 28
 2019
 we had $87
000 of federal net operating loss carryforwards and
$829
000 of state net operating loss carryforwards
 which will begin to expire in 2033.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
December 28
 2019
 we had approximately $514
000 in cash and cash equivalents
 our working capital was $3
840
000
 and our current
and quick acid test ratios
 both measures of liquidity
 were 8.1 and 4.5
 respectively
 as of December 28
 2019.


    
    


In
order to provide our company with additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer
 provided our company with a loan of $500
000 which is secured by substantially all of our assets. The loan has been extended
until December 31
 Interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in
whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. During the original term of the loan it was convertible into shares of
our common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the
promissory note was entered into. The extended loan is convertible into our common stock at a conversion price of $1.77 per share
at the option of the holder
 the closing price of our common stock on the OTCQB on the date the extended promissory note was entered
into. See &ldquo;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.&rdquo;



    
    

    

 2019

 2018

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
414

    
    
    


Cash
used in operating activities for the year ended December 28
 2019 was $15
000 compared to $725
000 used in operating activities
for the year ended December 29
 2018.

Cash
used in investing activities was $29
000 for the fiscal year ended December 28
 2019 due to the purchase of additional equipment.
For the fiscal year ended December 29
 2018
 cash used in investing activities was $121
000 due to fixed asset purchases.

No
cash was used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended December 28
 2019 compared to $10
000 used in financing activities
for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2018.

As
a result of the foregoing
 our cash and cash equivalents decreased to $514
000 at December 28
 2019 from $558
000 at December
29
 2018.

We
believe our existing cash and cash equivalents on hand at December 28
 2019
 existing working capital
 and our expected cash flows
from operations will be sufficient to support our operating and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months dating
from the issuance of the financial statements.

Contractual
Obligations

We
had no material contractual obligations at December 28
 2019.

Inflation
and Seasonality

We
do not believe that our operating results have been materially affected by inflation during the preceding two years. There can
be no assurance
 however
 that our operating results will not be affected by inflation in the future. Our business is subject
to minimal seasonal variations with slightly increased sales historically in the second and third quarters of the fiscal year.
We expect to continue to experience slightly higher sales in the second and third quarters
 and slightly lower sales in the fourth
and first quarters
 as a result of reduced sales of dairy free frozen desserts during those periods.


    
    


Market
Risk

We
will invest our excess cash
 should there be any
 in highly rated money market funds which are subject to changes in short-term
interest rates. We do not believe that our foreign currency exposure is significant as our export sales are transacted in U.S.
dollars. We did not enter into any foreign exchange contracts in the year ended December 28
 2019.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements





Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.


Not
applicable.



Item
    8. 
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data.


Index
to Financial Statements



    
F-1
    

Financial
    Statements:
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



of

 Inc.




sheets of Tofutti Brands
 Inc.(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 and the related statements
of income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the fiscal years then ended
 and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material
respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.




statements
 the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases effective December 30
 2018 due to the adoption of Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-02.




of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.




2010.



 Pennsylvania

 2020


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
BALANCE SHEETS
(In thousands
 except for share and per share data)



    

 2019

 2018

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of allowance for doubtful 

1
819
2
128

    
1
929
1
714

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
382
4
536

    
    
    

    
    
    


 respectively)
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
026
4
890

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
198
1
140

    
    
    

    
    
    


000 shares
 none issued
    
    


000
000 shares
 issued and outstanding 5
153
706 shares at December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
569
3
491

    
3
828
3
750

    
5
026
4
890


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(In thousands
 except for per share data)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    

 2019

 2018

    
    
    

    
13
130
13
066

    
9
093
8
962

    
4
037
4
104

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
632
1
357

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
626
1
671

    
3
929
3
732

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
154
5
154

    
    
    

    
    
    


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
Fiscal Years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018

 except for share data)



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2017
5
153
706
    
    
2
984
3
243

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 2018
5
153
706
    
    
3
491
3
750

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
5
153
706
    
    
3
569
3
828


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




    
    
    December 28
 2019
    
    December 29
 2018

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 AT BEGINNING OF YEAR
    
1
414


 AT END OF YEAR
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


See
accompanying notes to financial statements.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

NOTE
1: LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

At
December 28
 2019
 Tofutti Brands
 Inc. (&ldquo;Tofutti&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) had approximately $514 in cash compared
to $558 at December 29
 2018. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 28
 2019 was $15 compared to $725
used in operating activities for the year ended December 29
 2018.

Cash
used in investing activities was $29 for the fiscal year ended December 28
 2019 compared to $121 for the fiscal year ended December
29
 2018.

No
cash was used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended December 28
 2019 compared to $10 used in financing activities
for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2018.

The
Company has historically primarily financed operations and met capital requirements through positive cash flow from operations.
However
 due to net losses and cash used in operations in prior years in order to provide the Company with additional working
capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 the Company&rsquo;s Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided it with a loan of $500. Commencing
March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% was payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part
at any time without premium or penalty. The original loan was convertible into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a
conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of its common stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was
first entered into. The loan
 which has been extended until December 31
 2022 effective January 10
 2020
 is convertible into
the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a conversion price of $1.77 per share
 the closing price of the common stock on the OTCQB
on the date the extension of the promissory note was entered into. In any event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest
balance under the loan
 and all of the Company&rsquo;s other obligations under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
and Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies available to him.

The
Company&rsquo;s ability to introduce successful new products may be adversely affected by a number of factors
 such as unforeseen
cost and expenses
 economic environment
 increased competition
 the inability to make sales calls due to travel restrictions imposed
by governmental agencies in response to the spread of COVID-19 and other factors beyond the Company&rsquo;s control. The Company&rsquo;s
ability to promote sales through promotional activities has also been constrained as many supermarkets are understaffed and unable
to change pricing for items in stock
 resulting in the cancelation of all sales promotional discounts for the foreseeable future.
Trade food shows and sales conferences
 major events used to introduce and sell the Company&rsquo;s products
 have been postponed
indefinitely.

Management
cannot provide assurance that the Company will operate profitably in the future
 or that it will not require significant additional
financing in order to accomplish or exceed the objectives of its business plan. In addition
 the continued spread of COVID-19
and the resulting economic downturn could materially and adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s business and results of operations.
Consequently
 the Company&rsquo;s historical operating results cannot be relied on to be an indicator of future performance
 and
management cannot predict whether the Company will obtain or sustain positive operating cash flow or generate net income in the
future.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

NOTE
2: DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Description
of Business
 the development
 production and marketing of dairy free frozen desserts
and other food products.

Operating
Segments.
about operating segments and geographic distribution of sales in financial statements. While the Company has multiple products
and or product groups
 its goal is to focus on dairy free foods. The Company&rsquo;s chief operating decision maker tracks revenue
by product groups
 but does not track more granular operating results by product group as many of the ingredients are similar
amongst these groups. As a result
 the Company has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
production and marketing of soy and other vegetable protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy and
other vegetable protein-based cheese products. All long-lived assets are located in the United States
 the Company&rsquo;s country
of domicile.

Fiscal
Year
statements included herein are the fifty-two week fiscal periods ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 fiscal 2019 and
fiscal 2018
 respectively.

Estimates
and Uncertainties
in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include allowance for doubtful accounts
 sales promotion
accruals
 inventory reserves and reserves for uncertain tax positions. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Revenue
Recognition
 vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products. The Company
recognizes revenue when control over the products transfers to its customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment
of the products. The Company accounts for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for
these activities recorded within net revenue and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales
incentives and estimated product returns. Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or
returns
 are estimated at the time of sale. The Company bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization
and redemption rates. Estimates that affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product returns
 are monitored and adjusted
each period until the incentives or product returns are realized.

Key
sales terms
 such as pricing and quantities ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements
and related incentives have a one year or shorter duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize
product fulfillment costs in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. The Company generally does not have any unbilled
receivables at the end of a period.

Concentration
of Credit/Sales Risk
primarily of cash and unsecured trade receivables. During the year
 the Company&rsquo;s cash balance at its financial institution
exceeded the FDIC limit of $250.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

The
Company performs ongoing evaluations of its customers&rsquo; financial condition and does not require collateral. Management feels
that credit risk beyond the established allowances at December 28
 2019 is limited.

During
the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 the Company derived approximately 87% and 82% of its net sales
domestically. The remaining sales in both periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of two customers
represented approximately 39% of total accounts receivable at December 28
 2019
 and three customers represented approximately
51% of total accounts receivable at December 29
 2018. In addition
 a significant portion of the Company&rsquo;s sales are to
several key distributors
 which are large distribution companies with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently.
Such distributors as a group accounted for 44% and 42% of the Company&rsquo;s net sales for the fiscal years ended December 28
2019 and December 29
 2018.

Accounts
Receivable - 
and retailers. Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customers&rsquo; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is
not required. Accounts receivable are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of
an allowance for doubtful accounts and reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms
are considered past due. The Company determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time
trade accounts receivable are past due
 the Company&rsquo;s previous loss history
 the customer&rsquo;s current ability to pay
its obligation to the Company
 and the condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts
receivable when they become uncollectible
 and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the bad debt
expense. The Company does not accrue interest on accounts receivable past due.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents
to be cash equivalents.

Inventories

in excess of future demand or approaching expiration are written down and charged to the provision for inventories. At the point
of which loss is recognized
 a new
 lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances
do not result in the restoration or increase in the newly established cost basis.

The
Company purchased approximately 52% and 49% of its finished products from one supplier and 17% and 20% of its finished products
from another supplier during the periods ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 respectively.

Income
Taxes
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded if there is uncertainty
as to the realization of deferred tax assets. The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain
tax position only if management&rsquo;s assessment is that the position is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; (i.e.
 a likelihood
greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term
&ldquo;tax position&rdquo; refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future
tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

Earnings
Per Share 
shares outstanding. For the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares and
a convertible note for 124
688 shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share calculations since the effect was anti-dilutive
because the strike price was greater than the quoted market value at such date.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    

 2019

 2018


 numerator
 basic and diluted computation
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
154
5
154

    
    
    


 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
5
154
5
154

    
    
    

    
    
    


Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses are stated at their carrying values. The carrying amounts approximate
fair value because of the short-term nature of those instruments.

Freight
Costs 
years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 respectively. Such costs are included in costs of goods sold.

Advertising
Costs
the fiscal years December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 respectively.

Product
Development Costs
costs amounted to $324 and $410 during the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 respectively.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements
ASUs not discussed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on the
Company&rsquo;s balance sheets or statements of operations.

In
February 2016
 the FASB established Topic 842
 Leases
 by issuing Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 which requires
lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 was subsequently
amended by ASU No. 2018-01
 Land Easement Practical Expedient for Transition to Topic 842; ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements
to Topic 842
 Leases; ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted Improvements; and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors. The
new standard establishes a right-of-use model (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;) that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability
on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating
 with
classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense recognition in the income statement.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In
thousands
 except for share and per share data)

The
new standard was effective for the Company on December 30
 2018. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
 applying
the new standard to all leases existing at the date of initial application. An entity may choose to use either (1) its effective
date or (2) the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial application.
If an entity chooses the second option
 the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered into between
the date of initial application and the effective date. The entity must also recast its comparative period financial statements
and provide the disclosures required by the new standard for the comparative periods. The Company adopted the new standard on
December 30
 2018 and used the effective date as its date of initial application. Consequently
 financial information will not
be updated
 and the disclosures required under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before December 30
2018.

The
new standard provides several optional practical expedients in transition. The Company elected the &lsquo;package of practical
expedients&rsquo;
 which permits it not to reassess under the new standard its prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease
classification and initial direct costs.

The
new standard also provides practical expedients for an entity&rsquo;s ongoing accounting. The Company elected the short-term lease
recognition exemption for all leases that qualify. This means
 for those leases that qualify
 the Company will not recognize ROU
assets or lease liabilities
 and this includes not recognizing ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases
of those assets in transition. The Company did not elect the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components
for any of its leases.

The
adoption of the standard resulted in a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements with a balance sheet recognition
of additional lease assets of $346 and lease liabilities of approximately $362.

In
June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments. The amendments in this Update require a new topic to be added (Topic 326) to the Accounting Standards Codification
(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) and removes the thresholds that entities apply to measure credit losses on financial instruments measured
at amortized cost
 such as loans
 trade receivables
 reinsurance recoverables
 and off-balance-sheet credit exposures
 and held-to-maturity
securities. Under current U.S. GAAP
 entities generally recognize credit losses when it is probable that the loss has been incurred.
The guidance under ASU 2016-13 will remove all current recognition thresholds and will require entities under the new current
expected credit loss (&ldquo;CECL&rdquo;) model to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between the amortized
cost basis of a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that an entity expects to collect over the instrument&rsquo;s
contractual life. The new CECL model is based upon expected losses rather than incurred losses. Additionally
 the credit loss
recognition guidance for available-for-sale securities is amended and will require that credit losses on such debt securities
should be recognized as an allowance for credit losses rather than a direct write-down of amortized cost balance. The ASU is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating
the effect that this new guidance will have on our financial statements and related disclosures.


    
    



TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.


 except for share and per share data)

NOTE
3: INVENTORIES

Inventories
consist of the following:



    
December
                                         28
 2019
December
                                         29
 2018

    
1
187
1
061

    
    
    

    
1
929
1
714


NOTE
4: FIXED ASSETS

Fixed
assets consist of the following:



    

 2019

 2018

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
    
    


Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018 was $5 and $10
 respectively. During the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2018
 an automobile with a net book value of $3 was sold to a related party for $3. Proceeds from the sale were received
in the first quarter of fiscal 2019.

NOTE
5: STOCK OPTIONS

The
Company&rsquo;s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2014 Plan&rdquo;) provides for grants of various types of awards that are
designed to attract and retain highly qualified personnel who will contribute to the success of the Company and to provide incentives
to participants in the 2014 Plan that are linked directly to increases in shareholder value which will therefore inure to the
benefit of all shareholders of the Company. The Company intends to rely on a combination of multi-year performance awards
 options
and other stock-based awards for these purposes. The 2014 Plan made 250
000 shares of common stock available for awards. The 2014
Plan also permits performance-based 2014 awards paid under it to be tax deductible under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986
 as amended
 as &ldquo;performance-based compensation.&rdquo; As of December 28
 2019
 the Company has issued 80
000
non-qualified stock option awards under the 2014 Plan.

The
following is a summary of stock option activity from December 29
 2018 to December 28
 2019:



    
    

    
    
Weighted
Exercise
                                         Price ($)


 2018
80
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2019
80
000
    


 2019
80
000
    



    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.


 except for share and per share data)

The
following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at December 28
 2019:




Range
Exercise
                                         Prices ($)
Number
                                         
Weighted
(in
                                         years)
Weighted
                                         Average 
Number
                                         

    
80
000
    
    
80
000


The
fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing formula. Expected volatilities
and risk-free interest rates are based upon the expected life of the grant. The interest rates used are the U.S. Treasury yield
curve in effect at the time of the grant.

During
fiscal 2015
 80
000 options were granted
 with 26
668 of the options vesting at the respective grant date
 26
666 vesting in January
2016
 and 26
666 vesting in January 2017. At the date of grant
 expected volatility was 69.8%-71.4%
 a risk-free rate of 1.3%-1.8%
0% expected dividends
 and an expected term of five years.

As
of December 28
 2019
 the intrinsic value of the options outstanding and exercisable was immaterial
 and there was $0 of total
unrecognized compensation cost.

50
000
options expired on March 31
 2020. Another 30
000 options will expire on June 9
 2020 if not exercised by that date.

NOTE
6: LEASES

The
Company&rsquo;s facilities are located in a one-story facility in Cranford
 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses
its administrative offices
 a warehouse
 walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen.
The Company&rsquo;s original lease agreement expired on July 1
 1999
 but it continues to occupy the premises on a monthly basis.
Any changes by either the landlord or the Company remains subject to a six month notification period. The Company currently has
no plans to enter into a long-term lease agreement for the facility. Rent expense was $77 in fiscal 2019 and $81 in fiscal 2018.
The Company&rsquo;s management believes that the Cranford facility will continue to satisfy its space requirements for the foreseeable
future and that if necessary
 such space can be replaced without a significant impact to the business. The Company rents warehouse
storage space at various outside facilities. Outside warehouse expenses amounted to $458 for the year ended December 28
 2019
compared to $448 for the year ended December 29
 2018. The Company rents warehouse storage space at various outside facilities.
Outside warehouse expenses amounted to $458 for the year ended December 28
 2019 compared to $448 for the year ended December 29
2018.

Under
Topic 842
 operating lease expense is generally recognized evenly over the term of the lease. The Company has operating leases
primarily consisting of facilities with remaining lease terms of approximately two to four years. The Company does not have the
option to terminate the leases early.


    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.


 except for share and per share data)

Leases
with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. For lease agreements entered into or reassessed
after the adoption of Topic 842
 the Company has combined the lease and non-lease components in determining the lease liabilities
and ROU assets.

The
Company&rsquo;s lease agreements generally do not provide an implicit borrowing rate; therefore
 an internal incremental borrowing
rate is determined based on information available at lease commencement date for purposes of determining the present value of
lease payments. The Company used the incremental borrowing rate on December 29
 2018 of 5.5% for all leases that commenced prior
to that date.

ROU
lease assets and lease liabilities for our operating leases were recorded in the balance sheet as follows:



    
    
As
    of
    

    
    
December
    28
 2019
    

Operating
    lease right-of-use assets
    
    
    
    

Total
    ROU lease assets
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Accounts
    payable
    
    
    
    

Operating
    lease liabilities
    
    
    
    

Total
    lease liability
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average remaining lease term (in years)
    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average discount rate
    
    
    
    


Future
lease payments included in the measurement of lease liabilities on the balance sheet as of December 28
 2019
 for the
following five fiscal years and thereafter are as follows:



    
    
As
    of
    

    
    
December
    28
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Total
    future minimum lease payments
    
    
    
    

Present
    value adjustment
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


NOTE
7: INCOME TAXES

The
components of income tax expense (benefit) for the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018 are as follows:



    
    
December
    28
 2019
    
    
December
    29
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    income tax expense (benefit)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.


 except for share and per share data)

A
reconciliation between the expected federal tax expense at the statutory tax rate of 21% and the Company&rsquo;s actual tax expense
for the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 respectively
 follows:




    
December
    28
 2019
December
    29
 2018

    
    
    


 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




Deferred
tax assets for the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018 consist of the following components:



    
December
28
 2019
December
29
 2018

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


At
December 28
 2019
 the Company had $87 federal net operating loss carryforwards and $829 of state operating loss carryforwards
net
 which will begin to expire in 2033.

Management
has concluded that based upon all available evidence
 including generating taxable income for the past three fiscal years and
future forecasts
 that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be utilized and reversed the valuation allowance
on the Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets as of December 29
 2018.

The
Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&rsquo;s assessment
is that the position is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be sustained by the
tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term &ldquo;tax position&rdquo; refers to a position
in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring current
or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.

The
following table indicates the changes to the Company&rsquo;s uncertain tax positions for the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019
and December 29
 2018:




 2017
    

    
    


 2018
    

    
    

    
    


 2019
    



    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.


 except for share and per share data)

The
Company accounts for penalties or interest related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for income taxes. The Company
had approximately $29 of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions at December 28
 2019 and December 29
2018. The amount of uncertain tax positions that would affect the effective tax rate if they were recognized is $201. The liability
at December 28
 2019 for uncertain tax positions is included in accrued expenses.

NOTE
8: NOTES PAYABLE

In
September 2014
 the Company obtained an auto loan of approximately $29 from a bank. The loan required 60 monthly payments of $0.535
through August 2019. Interest was charged at a fixed nominal rate of 4.64%. The loan was fully paid off in May 2018.

Related
Party

On
January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 the Company&rsquo;s Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided the Company with a loan of $500. The
loan
 which was originally set to expire on December 31
 2017 has been extended to December 31
 2022 effective January 10
 2020.
The original loan was convertible into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the
closing price of its common stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was first entered into. The extended loan is
at the option of the holder
 convertible into the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a conversion price of $1.77 per share
 the closing
price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of the extension of the promissory note. No other terms of the loan were
modified. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid
in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. In any event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
 without
any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance
under the loan
 and all of the Company&rsquo;s other obligations under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable
 and Mr.
Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies available to him.



    
December
28
 2019
December
29
 2018

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of current maturity
    
    



    
    


TOFUTTI
BRANDS INC.


 except for share and per share data)

NOTE
9: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

The
Company sells its products throughout the United States and in approximately 15 foreign countries and may be impacted by public
health crises beyond its control. This could disrupt its operations and negatively impact sales of its products. The Company&rsquo;s
customers
 suppliers and co-packers may experience similar disruption. In December 2019
 a novel strain of the Coronavirus
 COVID-19
was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China
 which has evolved into a pandemic. This situation and preventative or protective
actions that governments have taken to counter the effects of the pandemic have resulted in a period of business disruption
 including
delays in shipments of products and raw materials. COVID-19 has spread to over 175 countries
 including the United States
 and
efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19 have intensified. To the extent the impact of COVID-19 continues or worsens
 the demand
for the Company&rsquo;s products may be negatively impacted
 and it and its co-packers may have difficulty obtaining the materials
necessary for the production of its products. In addition
 the production facilities of the Company&rsquo;s co-packers may be
closed for sustained periods of time and industry-wide shipment of products may be negatively impacted. COVID-19 has also impacted
the Company&rsquo;s sales efforts as its ability to make sales calls is constrained. The Company&rsquo;s ability to promote sales
through promotional activities has also been constrained as many supermarkets are understaffed and unable to change pricing for
items in stock
 resulting in the cancelation of all sales promotional discounts for the foreseeable future. Trade food shows and
sales conferences
 major events used to introduce and sell the Company&rsquo;s products
 have been postponed indefinitely. The
length and severity of the pandemic could also affect the Company&rsquo;s regular sales
 which could in turn result in reduced
sales and a lower gross margin.

NOTE
10: REVENUE

Performance
obligations relating to the delivery of food products are satisfied when the goods are shipped to the customer and net of all
applicable discounts
 as follows: Payment term discounts
 off-invoice allowance
 manufacturer chargeback
 freight allowance
 spoilage
discounts
 and product returns.

Revenues
by geographical region are as follows:



    

 2019

 2018

    
    
    

    
12
338
11
847

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
130
13
066


Approximately
92% in both fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 of the Americas revenue is attributable to the United States. All of the Company&rsquo;s
assets are located in the United States.

Net
sales by major product category:



    

 2019

 2018

    
    
    

    
11
241
10
811

    
1
889
2
255

    
13
130
13
066






    
Year
December
                                         28
 2019
Year
December
                                         29
 2018

    
13
130
13
066



    
    




    
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure.






    
    


Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
 2019
 our company&rsquo;s chief executive officer and chief financial
officer conducted an evaluation regarding the effectiveness of our company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon the evaluation of these controls and procedures
 our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective with respect
to the material weaknesses
 as described below in our internal control over financial reporting
 that have not been fully remediated
as of the end of the fiscal year 2019.

Disclosure
Controls and Internal Controls.
Act of 1934
 as amended
 Disclosure Controls are defined as meaning controls and procedures that are designed with the objective
of insuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
(the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 is recorded
 processed
 designed and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC&rsquo;s
rules and forms. Disclosure Controls include
 within the definition under the Exchange Act
 and without limitation
 controls and
procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports is accumulated and communicated to our management
including our chief executive officer and principal financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.
Internal Controls are procedures which are designed with the objective of providing reasonable assurance that (1) our transactions
are properly authorized; (2) our assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use; and (3) our transactions are properly
recorded and reported
 all to permit the preparation of our financial statements inconformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer and effected by our board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management&rsquo;s
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting includes using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission
 or COSO
 framework
 an integrated framework (2013) for the evaluation of internal controls issued by COSO
 to identify
the risks and control objectives related to the evaluation of our control environment.


    
    


Based
on their evaluation under the frameworks described above
 our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 28
 2019 because of the following material weaknesses
in internal controls over financial reporting:




    
A continuing lack of sufficient resources and an insufficient
    level of monitoring and oversight
 which may restrict our ability to gather
 analyze and report information relative to the
    financial statements
 including but not limited to accounting estimates
 reserves
 allowances
 and income tax matters
 in
    a timely manner.

    
    

    
The limited size of the accounting department makes it impracticable
    to achieve an optimum separation of duties and monitoring of internal controls.





We
are continuing to seek ways to remediate these weaknesses
 which stem from our small workforce and limited resources.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

No
change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December 28
 2019 that materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual
report.



    

    





    
    



PART
III



    

 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.


Our
directors and executive officers are:


    
    
    
    
    

David
    Mintz 
    
    
    
Chairman
    of the Board of Directors
 Chief Executive Officer

Steven
    Kass 
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer

Neal
    S. Axelrod 
    
    
    
    

Joseph
    N. Himy 
    
    
    
    

Scott
    Korman 
    
    
    
    

Franklyn
    Snitow 
    
    
    
    


David
Mintz has been our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since August 1981. Mr. Mintz&rsquo;s knowledge about our
company and his role as the developer of our product line is essential to the operation of our board.

Steven
Kass has been our Chief Financial Officer since November 1986 and Secretary and Treasurer since January 1987.

Neal
S. Axelrod has been a director since August 2007 and is Chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr. Axelrod has been a self-employed
certified public accountant in New Jersey since 1977. Mr. Axelrod&rsquo;s accounting and financial background enhances the breadth
of experience of the board of directors.

Joseph
N. Himy was elected to serve as a member of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee on October 30
 2013 by our Board of
Directors. He has been Managing Director of The CFO Squad
 a financial and business advisory firm providing outsourced CFO advisory
and regulatory consulting services primarily for public companies since August 2011. From May 2008 until August 2011
 Mr. Himy
was Chief Financial Officer of Vyteris
 Inc.
 manufacturer of the first active transdermal patch approved by the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration for the pain associated with blood draws
 intravenous cannulations and laser ablation of superficial skin
lesions. Prior to May 2008 and from October 2004
 Mr. Himy held various other positions at Vyteris
 including Corporate Controller
and VP of Finance. Mr. Himy received a B.S. degree in Accounting from Brooklyn College of the City University of New York and
is a certified public accountant. Mr. Himy&rsquo;s accounting and financial and corporate governance experience background enhances
the breadth of experience of the board of directors.

Scott
Korman has served as a member of the Board of Directors since December 2011 and as a member of the Audit Committee from December
2011 until March 2016. Mr. Korman founded Nashone
 Inc.
 a private equity firm
 in 1984 and is its President. Nashone is also
involved in financial advisory
 turnaround and general management assignments. Mr. Korman previously served as Chairman of Da-Tech
Corporation
 a Pennsylvania based contract electronics manufacturer. He previously served as Chairman and CEO of Best Manufacturing
Group LLC.
 a leading manufacturer and distributor of uniforms
 napery
 service apparel
 and hospitality and healthcare textiles.
Mr. Korman also served as President and CEO of Welsh Farms Inc.
 a full service dairy
 processing and distributing milk
 ice cream
mix and ice cream products. Mr. Korman received a B.S. degree in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania Wharton School
in 1977. He also serves on the boards of various not-for-profit groups and was the founder of the Englewood Business Forum. Mr.
Korman&rsquo;s experience as a CEO of a frozen dessert company enhances the breadth of experience of the board of directors.


    
    


Franklyn
Snitow has been a director since 1987 and became a member of the Audit Committee in March 2016. He has been a partner in the New
York City law firm Snitow Kanfer &amp; Holtzer
 LLP
 our general counsel since 1985. Mr. Snitow&rsquo;s legal and corporate governance
background enhances the breadth of experience of the board of directors.

All
directors hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified.
Officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. All of the executive officers devote their full time to our operations.

Employment
Agreements

There
are currently no employment agreements between us and any of our officers.

Family
Relationships

There
are no family relationships between any of our directors and executive officers.

Involvement
in Legal Proceedings

From
time to time we may be subject to various claims and contingencies in the ordinary course of business
 including those related
to litigation
 business transactions
 employee-related matters and taxes
 and others. When we are aware of a claim or potential
claim
 we assess the likelihood of any loss or exposure. If it is probable that a loss will result and the amount of the loss
can be reasonably estimated
 we will record a liability for the loss. In addition to the estimated loss
 the recorded liability
includes probable and estimable legal costs associated with the claim or potential claim. There is no assurance that such matters
will not materially and adversely affect our business
 financial position
 and results of operations or cash flows.

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is comprised of Mr. Axelrod
 who serves as chairman
 Mr. Himy and Mr. Korman. The Board
of Directors has determined that all of the Audit Committee members are independent
 as that term is defined under the enhanced
independence standards for audit committee members in the Exchange Act. The Board of Directors has also determined that Mr. Axelrod
is an Audit Committee Financial Expert as that term is defined in rules issued pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act
 as amended
 requires our executive officers
 directors and persons who own more than 10% of a registered
class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial statements of beneficial ownership
reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of common stock and other of our equity securities
on Forms 3
 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers
 directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by Commission regulations
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file.


    
    


To
our knowledge
 based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us
 or written representations from certain
reporting persons that no additional forms were required for those persons
 we believe that during fiscal 2019 all persons subject
to these reporting requirements filed the required reports on a timely basis.

Code
of Ethics

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
 which applies to directors
 officers
 employees and agents of our company.
We have also adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Officers
 which applies to our chief executive officer
 and all senior financial
officers of our company
 including the chief financial officer
 chief accounting officer or controller
 or persons performing
similar functions. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Code of Ethics for Senior Officers are publicly available on
our website at www.tofutti.com and printed copies are available upon request. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics or the Code of Ethics or grant any waivers
 including any implicit waiver
 from a provision of
these codes to our chief executive officer
 chief financial officer or corporate controller or our directors
 we will disclose
the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website.



    
    


The
following table sets forth information concerning the total compensation during the last three fiscal years for our named executive
officers whose total salary in fiscal 2019 totaled $100
000 or more:

Summary
Compensation Table





Name and
    Principal Position
    
Salary
    ($)
Bonus
    ($)
Stock
    Awards ($)
Option
                                         Awards ($)(1)
Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Compensation ($)
All
    Other Compensation ($)
    
($)

    
    
450
000
    
    
    
    
    
450
000

    
    
450
000
    
    
    
    
    
450
000

    
    
450
000
    
    
    
    
    
450
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
125
000

    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
125
000

    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
125
000





    
The
    dollar amounts in the Option Awards column above reflect the fair value of options as of the grant &nbsp;&nbsp;date for the
    year ended December 28
 2019
 in accordance with ASC 718 and
 therefore
 do not necessarily reflect actual benefits received
    by any individual. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 5 to our audited financial statements
    for the year ended December 28
 2019.



The
aggregate value of all other perquisites and other personal benefits furnished to each of these executive officers was less than
$10
000 in both the 2019 and 2018 fiscal years.

Employment
Agreements

We
do not currently have any employment agreements with our executive officers. We do not anticipate having employment contracts
with executive officers and key personnel in the future.

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards for Fiscal 2019

During
the fiscal year ended December 28
 2019
 no grants were made under our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan.


    
    


Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End

The
following table reflects the options awards granted to the named executive officers identified above in the summary compensation
table pursuant to the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan.

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End



    

    

    unexercised options (#) Exercisable

    unexercised options (#) Unexercisable

    number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#)
Option
price
                                         ($)
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    

    
5
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


Director
Compensation

Our
non-employee directors earned director compensation in fiscal year ended December 28
 2019 based on the number of meetings attended.
Mr. Axelrod
 chairman of the audit committee
 receives $1
500 per meeting attended. Other members of the audit committee receive
$1
000 per meeting attended. All other non-employee directors are entitled to $500 per meeting attended.

The
following table sets forth the compensation received by each of the Company&rsquo;s non-employee directors for the year ended
December 28
 2019. Each non-employee director
 other than Mr. Korman
 is deemed to be independent under the Exchange Act Rule
10A-3.



    

    ($)
    
    

    Compensation ($)

    ($)
    
    

    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
7
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
7
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.


The
following tables set forth as of April 20
 2020 certain information regarding the ownership of our common stock
 $0.01
par value
 for each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of common stock
 for
each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table
 for each of our directors and for our executive officers and directors
as a group:


    
    


Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management



    
    
    

    
2
917
926
    

    
220
000
    

    
38
100
    

    
5
000
    

    
5
000
    

    
5
000
    

    
3
238
016
    






*
Less than 1%.



    
The
    address of Messrs. Mintz
 Kass
 Axelrod and Himy is c/o Tofutti Brands Inc.
 50 Jackson Drive
 Cranford
 New Jersey 07016.
    The address of Mr. Snitow is 575 Lexington Avenue
 New York
 New York 10017. The address of Mr. Korman is c/o Nashone
 Inc.
    175 Elm Road
 Englewood
 NJ 0361. Each of these persons has sole voting and/or investment power of the shares attributed to
    him.

    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting
    or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock relating to options currently exercisable or exercisable
    within 60 days of April 20
 2020 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such securities
    but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Except as indicated by footnote
 and subject
    to community property laws where applicable
 the persons named in the table above have sole voting and investment power with
    respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them.

    
Based
    on 5
153
706 shares issued and outstanding as of April 20
 2020.

    
Includes
    5
000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options and 282
486 shares issuable upon conversion
    of a $500
000 note between Mr. Mintz and the company. Does not include options for 10
000 shares that expired on March 31
    2020.

    
Includes
    5
000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options. Does not include options for 10
000 shares
    that expired on March 31
 2020.

    
Issuable
    upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options

    
Includes
    25
000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options and 282
486 shares issuable upon conversion
    of a $500
000 note between Mr. Mintz and the company. Does not include options for 50
000 shares that expired on March 31
    2020.




    
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence.


In
order to provide our company with additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
 our Chairman and Chief Executive
provided us with a loan of $500
000
 which has been extended to come due on December 31
 2022. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest
of 5% was payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium
or penalty. During the original term of the loan it was convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of $4.01
per share
 the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was entered into. Upon renewal
of the loan
 the conversion price was reduced to $1.77 per share
 the closing price of our common stock on the OTCQB on the date
the extended promissory note was entered into.


    
    


In
the event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest rate will increase
to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all of our other obligations under the loan
will be immediately due and payable
 and Mr. Mintz will be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies available to him.
The loan is secured by is secured by substantially all of our assets.



    
    


Set
forth below are the aggregate fees billed for each of the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018 for services
rendered by EisnerAmper LLP
 our independent registered accounting firm.



    
    
    

    
93
600
85
280

    
    
    

    
93
600
85
280

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
93
600
85
280


Audit
fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of our financial statements
included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services provided in connection with other statutory or regulatory filings.
During fiscal 2019 and 2018
 we incurred audit fees with EisnerAmper LLP in the amount of $95
000 and $84
440
 respectively.

Audit-related
fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
review of our financial statements and not reported under Audit fees. No such fees were billed in fiscal 2019 or 2018.

Tax
fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to the preparation of our U.S. federal and state income tax returns
and tax advice. No such fees were billed by EisnerAmper LLP in fiscal 2019 or 2018. The Audit Committee pre-approved all Audit-related
fees. After considering the provision of services encompassed within the above disclosures about fees
 the Audit Committee has
determined that the provision of such services is compatible with maintaining EisnerAmper&rsquo;s independence.

The
Audit Committee&rsquo;s policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit related services
 tax services and other services. Pre-approval
is generally provided for up to one year
 and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services
and is generally subject to a specific budget. The Audit Committee has delegated the pre-approval authority to its chairperson
when expedition of services is necessary. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically
report to the full Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm
in accordance with this pre-approval and the fees for the services performed to date.


    
    


PART
IV



Item
    15. 
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules.

    
    

(a)
    
Financial
    Statements

    
    

    
See
    Item 8.

    
    

(b)
    
Financial
    Statement Schedules

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Certificate of Incorporation
 as amended through June 1993(1)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
 as amended

    
Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
 as amended

    
Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
Certification by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
Instance
    Document

    
Schema
    Document

    
Calculation
    Linkbase Document

    
Definition
    Linkbase Document

    
Labels
    Linkbase Document

    
Presentation
    Linkbase Document







    
Filed
    as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30
 2017 and hereby incorporated by
    reference thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30
 2017 and hereby incorporated by
    reference thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as Appendix A to the Proxy Statement filed as the Registrant&rsquo;s Schedule 14A filed May 14
 2014 and hereby incorporated
    by reference thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 8-K bearing a cover date of January 10
 2020 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.

    
    

    
Filed
    as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form 8-K bearing a cover date of January 10
 2020 and hereby incorporated by reference
    thereto.



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized on April 21
 2020.



    
TOFUTTI
    BRANDS INC.

    
    

    
    

    
/s/
    David Mintz

    
David
    Mintz

    
Chairman
    of the Board and

    
Chief
    Executive Officer


In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Report has been signed below on April 21
 2020
 by the following
persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated.



/s/
    David Mintz
    
/s/
    Joseph N. Himy

David
    Mintz
    
Joseph
    N. Himy

Chairman
    of the Board
    
    

and
    Chief Executive Officer
    
    




/s/
    Steven Kass
    
/s/
    Scott Korman

Steven
    Kass
    
Scott
    Korman

Secretary
    Treasurer and Chief Financial
    
    

and
    Principal Accounting Officer
    
    




/s/
    Neal S. Axelrod
    
/s/
    Franklyn Snitow

Neal
    S. Axelrod
    
Franklyn
    Snitow

    
    
    



    













     




EXHIBIT
23.1

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Tofutti Brands
 Inc. on Form S-8 (No. 333-198917) of
our report dated April 21
 2020
 on our audits of the financial statements as of December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
and for each of the fiscal years then ended
 which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about
April 21
 2020. Our report includes an explanatory paragraph that refers to a change in the method of accounting for
leases due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02.



EISNERAMPER
LLP
Philadelphia
Pennsylvania

 2020


    












     



Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
David Mintz
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tofutti Brands Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent function):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:
April 21
 2020



/s/
    David Mintz*
    

David
    Mintz
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    


*
The originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made available
for inspection upon request.


    












     




Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Steven Kass
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tofutti Brands Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent function):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:
April 21
 2020



/s/
    Steven Kass*
    

Steven
    Kass
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    


*
The originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made available
for inspection upon request.


    












     




Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Tofutti Brands Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December
28
 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 David Mintz
 Chief
Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.



/s/
    David Mintz*
    

David
    Mintz
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    

    
    

Date:
    April 21
 2020
    


*
The originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made available
for inspection upon request.

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall
not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.


    












     



Exhibit
32.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Tofutti Brands Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December
28
 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Steven Kass
 Chief
Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.



/s/
    Steven Kass*
    

Steven
    Kass
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    

    
    

Date:
    April 21
 2020
    


*
The originally executed copy of this Certification will be maintained at the Company&rsquo;s offices and will be made available
for inspection upon request.

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall
not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.


    





















        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        



      


      




          


          




      


      


      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29






 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29



889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 the development

 its goal is to focus&#13;on dairy free foods. The Company&amp;#8217;s chief operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but does not track more&#13;granular operating results by product group as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As a result
 the Company&#13;has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing of soy and other vegetable&#13;protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy and other vegetable protein-based cheese products. All&#13;long-lived assets are located in the United States

 2019 and December 29
 2018
 fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018

 sales promotion accruals

 vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products. The Company recognizes revenue when control&#13;over the products transfers to its customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. The Company accounts&#13;for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue&#13;and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns.&#13;Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of sale.&#13;The Company bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that&#13;affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product returns

 such as pricing and quantities&#13;ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter&#13;duration. As such



&#13;2019 and December 29
 2018
 the Company derived approximately 87% and 82% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in&#13;both periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of two customers represented approximately 39%&#13;of total accounts receivable at December 28
 2019
 and three customers represented approximately 51% of total accounts receivable&#13;at December 29
 2018. In addition
 a significant portion of the Company&amp;#8217;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are&#13;large distribution companies with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted&#13;for 44% and 42% of the Company&amp;#8217;s net sales for the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29

 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable are&#13;most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and&#13;reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company&#13;determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s previous loss history
 the customer&amp;#8217;s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the condition&#13;of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible

&#13;a new

 2019 and December 29
 2018


 2019 and December 29
 2018
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares and a convertible note for 124

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Net income
 numerator

154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5

 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5

 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable

 2019 and&#13;December 29
 2018

 2019&#13;and December 29
 2018

 2019 and December 29
 2018

 the FASB established Topic&#13;842
 Leases
 by issuing Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 which requires lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet&#13;and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 was subsequently amended by ASU No. 2018-01
 Land Easement Practical&#13;Expedient for Transition to Topic 842; ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases; ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted&#13;Improvements; and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors. The new standard establishes a right-of-use model (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;)&#13;that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than&#13;12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating

 2018. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
 applying the new standard to all leases existing&#13;at the date of initial application. An entity may choose to use either (1) its effective date or (2) the beginning of the earliest&#13;comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial application. If an entity chooses the second option
&#13;the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered into between the date of initial application and the&#13;effective date. The entity must also recast its comparative period financial statements and provide the disclosures required by&#13;the new standard for the comparative periods. The Company adopted the new standard on December 30
 2018 and used the effective&#13;date as its date of initial application. Consequently
 financial information will not be updated
 and the disclosures required&#13;under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before December 30

 which permits it not&#13;to reassess under the new standard its prior conclusions about lease identification

 for those leases that qualify
 the Company will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
&#13;Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments in this&#13;Update require a new topic to be added (Topic 326) to the Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) and removes the&#13;thresholds that entities apply to measure credit losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost
 such as loans
 trade&#13;receivables
 reinsurance recoverables
 and off-balance-sheet credit exposures
 and held-to-maturity securities. Under current&#13;U.S. GAAP
 entities generally recognize credit losses when it is probable that the loss has been incurred. The guidance under&#13;ASU 2016-13 will remove all current recognition thresholds and will require entities under the new current expected credit loss&#13;(&amp;#8220;CECL&amp;#8221;) model to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between the amortized cost basis of&#13;a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that an entity expects to collect over the instrument&amp;#8217;s contractual&#13;life. The new CECL model is based upon expected losses rather than incurred losses. Additionally
 the credit loss recognition&#13;guidance for available-for-sale securities is amended and will require that credit losses on such debt securities should be recognized&#13;as an allowance for credit losses rather than a direct write-down of amortized cost balance. The ASU is effective for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15
 2022


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29






 2019 and December 29

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29

&#13;2019 and December 29
 2018
 respectively

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29


 2019 and December 29

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29

 2019
 the Company had $87 federal&#13;net operating loss carryforwards and $829 of state operating loss carryforwards
 net

 including generating taxable income for the past three fiscal years and future forecasts
 that it is more likely&#13;than not that the deferred tax assets will be utilized and reversed the valuation allowance on the Company&amp;#8217;s deferred tax&#13;assets as of December 29


 2019 and December 29




 2019 and December 29
 2018. The amount of uncertain tax positions&#13;that would affect the effective tax rate if they were recognized is $201. The liability at December 28


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29


 2019 and December 29
 2018 was $5 and $10
 respectively. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018



 2016
 David Mintz
&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided the Company with a loan of $500. The loan
 which was originally set&#13;to expire on December 31
 2017 has been extended to December 31
 2022 effective January 10
 2020. The original loan was convertible&#13;into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the closing price of its common stock&#13;on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was first entered into. The extended loan is
 at the option of the holder
 convertible&#13;into the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $1.77 per share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common&#13;stock on the date of the extension of the promissory note. No other terms of the loan were modified. Commencing March 31
 2016
&#13;interest of 5% is payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without&#13;premium or penalty. In any event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the&#13;interest rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;other obligations under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29



 as follows: Payment&#13;term discounts
 off-invoice allowance
 manufacturer chargeback
 freight allowance
 spoilage discounts

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29





 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29



889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2








 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29






 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    






 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses its administrative offices
 a warehouse
&#13;walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen. The Company&amp;#8217;s original lease agreement&#13;expired on July 1
 1999
 but it continues to occupy the premises on a monthly basis. Any changes by either the landlord or the&#13;Company remains subject to a six month notification period. The Company currently has no plans to enter into a long-term lease&#13;agreement for the facility. Rent expense was $77 in fiscal 2019 and $81 in fiscal 2018. The Company&amp;#8217;s management believes&#13;that the Cranford facility will continue to satisfy its space requirements for the foreseeable future and that if necessary
 such&#13;space can be replaced without a significant impact to the business. The Company rents warehouse storage space at various outside&#13;facilities. Outside warehouse expenses amounted to $458 for the year ended December 28
 2019 compared to $448 for the year ended&#13;December 29
 2018. The Company rents warehouse storage space at various outside facilities. Outside warehouse expenses amounted&#13;to $458 for the year ended December 28
 2019 compared to $448 for the year ended December 29



 an internal incremental borrowing rate is determined based on information&#13;available at lease commencement date for purposes of determining the present value of lease payments. The Company used the incremental&#13;borrowing rate on December 29


 2019


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    

 2019


    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2019
 Tofutti Brands
 Inc.&#13;(&amp;#8220;Tofutti&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) had approximately $514 in cash compared to $558 at December 29
 2018. Net&#13;cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 28
 2019 was $15 compared to $725 used in operating activities for&#13;the year ended December 29

 2019 compared to $121 for the fiscal year ended December 29

 2019 compared to $10 used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended December 29

 due to net losses and cash&#13;used in operations in prior years in order to provide the Company with additional working capital
 on January 6
 2016
 David Mintz
&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman and Chief Executive
 provided it with a loan of $500. Commencing March 31
 2016
 interest of 5% was&#13;payable on a quarterly basis without compounding. The loan may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty.&#13;The original loan was convertible into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $4.01 per share
 the&#13;closing price of its common stock on the NYSE MKT on the date the promissory note was first entered into. The loan
 which has been&#13;extended until December 31
 2022 effective January 10
 2020
 is convertible into the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a conversion&#13;price of $1.77 per share
 the closing price of the common stock on the OTCQB on the date the extension of the promissory note was&#13;entered into. In any event of default
 as defined in the promissory note
 without any action on the part of Mr. Mintz
 the interest&#13;rate will increase to 12% per annum and the entire principal and interest balance under the loan
 and all of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;other obligations under the loan
 will be immediately due and payable

 such as unforeseen cost and expenses
 economic environment
&#13;increased competition
 the inability to make sales calls due to travel restrictions imposed by governmental agencies in response&#13;to the spread of COVID-19 and other factors beyond the Company&amp;#8217;s control. The Company&amp;#8217;s ability to promote sales through&#13;promotional activities has also been constrained as many supermarkets are understaffed and unable to change pricing for items in&#13;stock
 resulting in the cancelation of all sales promotional discounts for the foreseeable future. Trade food shows and sales conferences
&#13;major events used to introduce and sell the Company&amp;#8217;s products

 or that it will not require significant additional financing in order&#13;to accomplish or exceed the objectives of its business plan. In addition
 the continued spread of COVID-19 and the resulting economic&#13;downturn could materially and adversely affect the Company&amp;#8217;s business and results of operations. Consequently
 the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;historical operating results cannot be relied on to be an indicator of future performance

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

 suppliers and co-packers&#13;may experience similar disruption. In December 2019
 a novel strain of the Coronavirus
 COVID-19
 was reported to have surfaced&#13;in Wuhan
 China
 which has evolved into a pandemic. This situation and preventative or protective actions that governments have&#13;taken to counter the effects of the pandemic have resulted in a period of business disruption
 including delays in shipments of&#13;products and raw materials. COVID-19 has spread to over 175 countries
 including the United States
 and efforts to contain the&#13;spread of COVID-19 have intensified. To the extent the impact of COVID-19 continues or worsens
 the demand for the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;products may be negatively impacted
 and it and its co-packers may have difficulty obtaining the materials necessary for the production&#13;of its products. In addition
 the production facilities of the Company&amp;#8217;s co-packers may be closed for sustained periods&#13;of time and industry-wide shipment of products may be negatively impacted. COVID-19 has also impacted the Company&amp;#8217;s sales&#13;efforts as its ability to make sales calls is constrained. The Company&amp;#8217;s ability to promote sales through promotional activities&#13;has also been constrained as many supermarkets are understaffed and unable to change pricing for items in stock
 resulting in&#13;the cancelation of all sales promotional discounts for the foreseeable future. Trade food shows and sales conferences
 major events&#13;used to introduce and sell the Company&amp;#8217;s products
 have been postponed indefinitely. The length and severity of the pandemic&#13;could also affect the Company&amp;#8217;s regular sales

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 options and other stock-based awards for these purposes.&#13;The 2014 Plan made 250
000 shares of common stock available for awards. The 2014 Plan also permits performance-based 2014 awards&#13;paid under it to be tax deductible under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 as &amp;#8220;performance-based&#13;compensation.&amp;#8221; As of December 28
 2019
 the Company has issued 80

 2018 to December 28

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;80

 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;80

 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;80




 80
000 options were granted
&#13;with 26
668 of the options vesting at the respective grant date
 26
666 vesting in January 2016
 and 26
666 vesting in January&#13;2017. At the date of grant
 expected volatility was 69.8%-71.4%
 a risk-free rate of 1.3%-1.8%
 0% expected dividends

 2019
 the intrinsic value&#13;of the options outstanding and exercisable was immaterial

000 options expired on March 31
 2020.&#13;Another 30
000 options will expire on June 9


 the development


 its goal is to focus&#13;on dairy free foods. The Company&amp;#8217;s chief operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but does not track more&#13;granular operating results by product group as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As a result
 the Company&#13;has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing of soy and other vegetable&#13;protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy and other vegetable protein-based cheese products. All&#13;long-lived assets are located in the United States


 2019 and December 29
 2018
 fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018


 sales promotion accruals


 vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products. The Company recognizes revenue when control&#13;over the products transfers to its customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. The Company accounts&#13;for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue&#13;and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns.&#13;Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of sale.&#13;The Company bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that&#13;affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product returns

 such as pricing and quantities&#13;ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter&#13;duration. As such




&#13;2019 and December 29
 2018
 the Company derived approximately 87% and 82% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in&#13;both periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of two customers represented approximately 39%&#13;of total accounts receivable at December 28
 2019
 and three customers represented approximately 51% of total accounts receivable&#13;at December 29
 2018. In addition
 a significant portion of the Company&amp;#8217;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are&#13;large distribution companies with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted&#13;for 44% and 42% of the Company&amp;#8217;s net sales for the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29


 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable&#13;are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts&#13;and reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company&#13;determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s previous loss history
 the customer&amp;#8217;s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the&#13;condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible

    

&#13;a new

 2019 and December 29
 2018




 2019 and December 29
 2018
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares and a convertible note for 124

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Net income
 numerator

154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5

 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5


 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable


 2019 and&#13;December 29
 2018


 2019&#13;and December 29
 2018


 2019 and December 29
 2018


 the FASB established Topic&#13;842
 Leases
 by issuing Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 which requires lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet&#13;and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 was subsequently amended by ASU No. 2018-01
 Land Easement Practical&#13;Expedient for Transition to Topic 842; ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases; ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted&#13;Improvements; and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors. The new standard establishes a right-of-use model (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;)&#13;that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than&#13;12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating

 2018. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
 applying the new standard to all leases existing&#13;at the date of initial application. An entity may choose to use either (1) its effective date or (2) the beginning of the earliest&#13;comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial application. If an entity chooses the second option
&#13;the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered into between the date of initial application and the&#13;effective date. The entity must also recast its comparative period financial statements and provide the disclosures required by&#13;the new standard for the comparative periods. The Company adopted the new standard on December 30
 2018 and used the effective&#13;date as its date of initial application. Consequently
 financial information will not be updated
 and the disclosures required&#13;under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before December 30

 which permits it not&#13;to reassess under the new standard its prior conclusions about lease identification

 for those leases that qualify
 the Company will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
&#13;Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments in this&#13;Update require a new topic to be added (Topic 326) to the Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) and removes the&#13;thresholds that entities apply to measure credit losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost
 such as loans
 trade&#13;receivables
 reinsurance recoverables
 and off-balance-sheet credit exposures
 and held-to-maturity securities. Under current&#13;U.S. GAAP
 entities generally recognize credit losses when it is probable that the loss has been incurred. The guidance under&#13;ASU 2016-13 will remove all current recognition thresholds and will require entities under the new current expected credit loss&#13;(&amp;#8220;CECL&amp;#8221;) model to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between the amortized cost basis of&#13;a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that an entity expects to collect over the instrument&amp;#8217;s contractual&#13;life. The new CECL model is based upon expected losses rather than incurred losses. Additionally
 the credit loss recognition&#13;guidance for available-for-sale securities is amended and will require that credit losses on such debt securities should be recognized&#13;as an allowance for credit losses rather than a direct write-down of amortized cost balance. The ASU is effective for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15
 2022


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Net income
 numerator

154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5

 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5


 2018 to December 28

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;80

 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;80

 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;80








 2019 and December 29

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29


&#13;2019 and December 29
 2018
 respectively

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29



 2019 and December 29

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29


 2019 and December 29





    

    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and sales promotions of $407 and $491



      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



000 shares




000
000 shares
 issued and outstanding 5
153
706 shares at December 28
 2019 and December 29



      


      


      


      


      


      






























      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      





      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      





 numerator



      


      





      


      


      




      


      


      


      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      

      

      


 Plant


      


 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents





      








 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable


      


 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments








      


 Related Parties




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 28
 2019










    
    
December 28
 2019
    
    
December 29
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable related party
 net of current maturity
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 28
 2019

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]










    
    
December 28
 2019
    
    
December 29
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 28
 2019
Dec. 29
 2018









Net income
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation








154


154










Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation

154


154




































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 28
 2019
Dec. 29
 2018













































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.

























































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 28
 2019
Dec. 29
 2018



























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 28
 2019
Apr. 20
 2020
Jun. 29
 2019








































  2019







































































































246
695



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



153
706

















































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Balance at Dec. 30
 2017





984


243



Balance
 shares at Dec. 30
 2017

153
706




















Balance at Dec. 29
 2018





491


750



Balance
 shares at Dec. 29
 2018

153
706




















Balance at Dec. 28
 2019





569


828



Balance
 shares at Dec. 28
 2019

153
706













The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 28
 2019











of food products are satisfied when the goods are shipped to the customer and net of all applicable discounts
 as follows: Payment
term discounts
 off-invoice allowance
 manufacturer chargeback
 freight allowance
 spoilage discounts
 and product returns.





    
    
December 28
 2019
    
    
December 29
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
338
    
    
    
11
847
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
130
    
    
    
13
066
    



2018 of the Americas revenue is attributable to the United States. All of the Company&#8217;s assets are located in the United
States.





    
    
December 28
 2019
    
    
December 29
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
241
    
    
    
10
811
    

    
    
    
1
889
    
    
    
2
255
    

    
    
    
13
130
    
    
    
13
066
    






    
    

        
December 28
 2019
    
    

        
December 29
 2018
    

    
    
    
13
130
    
    
    
13
066
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 28
 2019














    
    
December 28
 2019
    
    
December 29
 2018
    

    
    
    
1
187
    
    
    
1
061
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
929
    
    
    
1
714
    





































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 28
 2019











in a one-story facility in Cranford
 New Jersey. The 6
200 square foot facility houses its administrative offices
 a warehouse
walk-in freezer and refrigerator
 and a product development laboratory and test kitchen. The Company&#8217;s original lease agreement
expired on July 1
 1999
 but it continues to occupy the premises on a monthly basis. Any changes by either the landlord or the
Company remains subject to a six month notification period. The Company currently has no plans to enter into a long-term lease
agreement for the facility. Rent expense was $77 in fiscal 2019 and $81 in fiscal 2018. The Company&#8217;s management believes
that the Cranford facility will continue to satisfy its space requirements for the foreseeable future and that if necessary
 such
space can be replaced without a significant impact to the business. The Company rents warehouse storage space at various outside
facilities. Outside warehouse expenses amounted to $458 for the year ended December 28
 2019 compared to $448 for the year ended
December 29
 2018. The Company rents warehouse storage space at various outside facilities. Outside warehouse expenses amounted
to $458 for the year ended December 28
 2019 compared to $448 for the year ended December 29
 2018.


 operating lease expense is
generally recognized evenly over the term of the lease. The Company has operating leases primarily consisting of facilities with
remaining lease terms of approximately two to four years. The Company does not have the option to terminate the leases early.


or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. For lease agreements entered into or reassessed after the adoption of Topic 842
the Company has combined the lease and non-lease components in determining the lease liabilities and ROU assets.


do not provide an implicit borrowing rate; therefore
 an internal incremental borrowing rate is determined based on information
available at lease commencement date for purposes of determining the present value of lease payments. The Company used the incremental
borrowing rate on December 29
 2018 of 5.5% for all leases that commenced prior to that date.


our operating leases were recorded in the balance sheet as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



of lease liabilities on the balance sheet as of December 28
 2019
 for the following five fiscal years and thereafter are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
December 28
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 28
 2019
Dec. 29
 2018






























































Amount of current state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.



















































































































Amount of deferred state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 28
 2019
Dec. 29
 2018


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




















Fixed assets
 net










Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































200



















Incremental borrowing rate
 percentage










Incremental borrowing rate
 percentage.






















































































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 28
 2019








 - Tofutti is
engaged in one business segment
 the development
 production and marketing of dairy free frozen desserts and other food products.





 The Company reports
on operating segments in accordance with standards for public companies to report information about operating segments and geographic
distribution of sales in financial statements. While the Company has multiple products and or product groups
 its goal is to focus
on dairy free foods. The Company&#8217;s chief operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but does not track more
granular operating results by product group as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As a result
 the Company
has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing of soy and other vegetable
protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy and other vegetable protein-based cheese products. All
long-lived assets are located in the United States
 the Company&#8217;s country of domicile.





 - The Company operates
on a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31st. Fiscal years for the financial statements included herein are
the fifty-two week fiscal periods ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018
 respectively.





 - The preparation
of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Significant estimates include allowance for doubtful accounts
 sales promotion accruals
 inventory reserves and reserves
for uncertain tax positions. Actual results could differ from those estimates.





 &#8211; The Company
primarily sell dairy free
 vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products. The Company recognizes revenue when control
over the products transfers to its customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. The Company accounts
for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue
and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns.
Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of sale.
The Company bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that
affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product returns
 are monitored and adjusted each period until the incentives or product
returns are realized.


 such as pricing and quantities
ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter
duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with
U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. The Company generally does not have any unbilled receivables at the end of a period.





 -
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and unsecured
trade receivables. During the year
 the Company&#8217;s cash balance at its financial institution exceeded the FDIC limit of $250.


its customers&#8217; financial condition and does not require collateral. Management feels that credit risk beyond the established
allowances at December 28
 2019 is limited.


2019 and December 29
 2018
 the Company derived approximately 87% and 82% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in
both periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of two customers represented approximately 39%
of total accounts receivable at December 28
 2019
 and three customers represented approximately 51% of total accounts receivable
at December 29
 2018. In addition
 a significant portion of the Company&#8217;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are
large distribution companies with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted
for 44% and 42% of the Company&#8217;s net sales for the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018.





The majority
of the Company&#8217;s accounts receivables are due from distributors (domestic and international) and retailers. Credit is extended
based on evaluation of a customers&#8217; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable
are most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts
and reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company
determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
the Company&#8217;s previous loss history
 the customer&#8217;s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the
condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible
and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the bad debt expense. The Company does not accrue interest
on accounts receivable past due.





 - The Company
considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.





- Inventory is stated at
lower of cost or net realizable value determined by first in first out (FIFO) method. Inventories in excess of future demand or
approaching expiration are written down and charged to the provision for inventories. At the point of which loss is recognized
a new
 lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the
restoration or increase in the newly established cost basis.


49% of its finished products from one supplier and 17% and 20% of its finished products from another supplier during the periods
ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 respectively.





 - Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded if there is uncertainty as to the realization of deferred tax assets.
The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&#8217;s
assessment is that the position is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be allowed
by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term &#8220;tax position&#8221; refers to a
position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring
current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.





- Basic earnings
per common share has been computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. For the fiscal
years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares and a convertible note for 124
688 shares
were excluded from diluted earnings per share calculations since the effect was anti-dilutive because the strike price was greater
than the quoted market value at such date.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December 28
 2019
    
    
December 29
 2018
    

Net income
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








- The fair value of financial instruments
 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
and accrued expenses are stated at their carrying values. The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short-term
nature of those instruments.





- Freight costs to ship
inventory to customers and to outside warehouses amounted to $920 and $918 during the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and
December 29
 2018
 respectively. Such costs are included in costs of goods sold.





 - The Company expenses
advertising costs as they are incurred. Advertising expenses amounted to $182 and $188 during the fiscal years December 28
 2019
and December 29
 2018
 respectively.





 - Costs of
new product development and product redesign are charged to expense as incurred. Product development costs amounted to $324 and
$410 during the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 respectively.





 &#8211;
The Company considers the applicability and impact of all Accounting Standard Updates (&#8220;ASUs&#8221;). ASUs not discussed
below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on the Company&#8217;s balance
sheets or statements of operations.


 the FASB established Topic
842
 Leases
 by issuing Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 which requires lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet
and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 was subsequently amended by ASU No. 2018-01
 Land Easement Practical
Expedient for Transition to Topic 842; ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases; ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted
Improvements; and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors. The new standard establishes a right-of-use model (&#8220;ROU&#8221;)
that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than
12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense
recognition in the income statement.


on December 30
 2018. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
 applying the new standard to all leases existing
at the date of initial application. An entity may choose to use either (1) its effective date or (2) the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial application. If an entity chooses the second option
the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered into between the date of initial application and the
effective date. The entity must also recast its comparative period financial statements and provide the disclosures required by
the new standard for the comparative periods. The Company adopted the new standard on December 30
 2018 and used the effective
date as its date of initial application. Consequently
 financial information will not be updated
 and the disclosures required
under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before December 30
 2018.


practical expedients in transition. The Company elected the &#8216;package of practical expedients&#8217;
 which permits it not
to reassess under the new standard its prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease classification and initial direct costs.


for an entity&#8217;s ongoing accounting. The Company elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all leases that qualify.
This means
 for those leases that qualify
 the Company will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities
 and this includes not
recognizing ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases of those assets in transition. The Company did not elect
the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components for any of its leases.


material effect on the Company&#8217;s financial statements with a balance sheet recognition of additional lease assets of $346
and lease liabilities of approximately $362.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments in this
Update require a new topic to be added (Topic 326) to the Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) and removes the
thresholds that entities apply to measure credit losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost
 such as loans
 trade
receivables
 reinsurance recoverables
 and off-balance-sheet credit exposures
 and held-to-maturity securities. Under current
U.S. GAAP
 entities generally recognize credit losses when it is probable that the loss has been incurred. The guidance under
ASU 2016-13 will remove all current recognition thresholds and will require entities under the new current expected credit loss
(&#8220;CECL&#8221;) model to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between the amortized cost basis of
a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that an entity expects to collect over the instrument&#8217;s contractual
life. The new CECL model is based upon expected losses rather than incurred losses. Additionally
 the credit loss recognition
guidance for available-for-sale securities is amended and will require that credit losses on such debt securities should be recognized
as an allowance for credit losses rather than a direct write-down of amortized cost balance. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the effect
that this new guidance will have on our financial statements and related disclosures.


























































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for determining an entity's fiscal year or other fiscal period. This disclosure may include identification of the fiscal period end-date
 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and financing receivable.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.



























































































































begin 644 0001493152-20-006859-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( 
(E5 @NC,.*8,  .L^!0 1    =&]F8BTR,#$Y,3(R.YX

M

HU=\QX?1<2SH/O[S[?EOMWIY<7+QC_^?7__?_8?!___A?U2H[E\*V/K%3


V'@
M37WX^/\&CWH5Q\X'T4/][E_3P_J'W*@AE\\UQ9^[COT2\Y+CNLXX3 ?)BOP


^ 6CIX-W'X8!!+$P?CV=;OSY%SO[DT_ZY$7U&F^+3@%@%WKNO
MFA=JS[[U3O^




H)Z)=N






/97'#C1;/KP$<_O<$FUKU!]^@F



M^[!!0F$WXW53S*B7
Q\S9LZ$*[G
SL'SWB3?M$F^&ZPS*PYBSSK;P#K;%^=0







M9!6

V/%U9

M<.=!QU<4NO:J





/



MWH%](]ZQC\O-
WWQ+\V3: *RIDU58

F98$JO@F
M*A6H1390!J!.H]





1/GJ

MHA7HL 2; RLW:AU GN_:TM+
DS


I_8?YV<G)V=

M'+4/5T'5 0*GAT.Q7,NMJ-@XVM*@M6'S[N*A V9Q:6GJ1*A1823BZV/?

U]98KU35$^O
MBM]?1X+FYP;UA#KHFSUD2
6VYX;XOU6[@OP[0:R[=5:;3JV[BCWBP]Z@?+
M&ZXY._






?T5]@WF+!^_/-F\Z!FW?)

MSIU
4MG
698&J1C/+@-2 H'+)H!WVLUIM)F2
EUL\D)(.)C.&--2S'L]V!A6

M




MJE8[H8Q,S?%6^W#3:%&#XD/F#E+(7:CGM[M.?,L
K\V

MRBJBB6D6@F

MC/






4^DY $D?3H!.3W(;85 ]=OP:^WT@;4$\9)8U
MX#X;AG8@1_#X0+%'7%V#T:RC0#!$GYZ<&%
2;#WW5X8(23):QCC64MB3]'Y

(' %
M0W%[ T+N/+O
H
B5 Q7Z3D 0T\90)F





M7=12&-E'VHU'IC&

(D7!(5I6O)OO]X':-(52IRAIAG2K@+,8H0.OVHF('?P,
MZA.Y/@0NA0=[Y&$%^ .U:::\IV:R !XVV'XWC20/%
F#Q\2QJEGA1[B
GX)





MGHEM-D9

1&HD[0#4WQ[S!^K:WFRB?/@,]T8L:$PX?'T$&Z0
M5I5CH8.(%BP=V
VT;\;FCWI6HRPKQTJ/:P22\HBVH]1EP9^(11(N'@F?

M
[LEHAT



=9L


M
08;Q*439D]%A@
IE50$



$9&)B

Q?
/H1KO?-
M3OV-L$MRH\$^P8


X3Q%;D!M Q(

:JZ#

M$(:F3J*8.9@D0XU=P![25PP*_,3!V,Z.LY.TT6*DR3;\J%8]4C[CGV ^R7

(T..;RMV
\*A7*/I$C_DY$2


M=L+)$GK+0N]/CH#0VV:HSL





2DLB*F8#E46I;:@=HCD


M\NL.T-*+-C2\J*PYTA\RGA9TASKJC^!
2#I)&8PD0J4?N]8M+61@X4\5IM!!
DUPN'J
%Z=
[0*AKO8_3]
MF]&%
(









M)F#^ V+3MZ2*H%.'8Q\.$NKVD1X4O8%#%Y 8DQ+XT:VTAESQ&)HHR04DT9
$
MG

!@CX#^'0_5%2VN@WE0F!O-6W
MU4OPH-K U#5:G=C
UHGX2+/WC*V3!%S2Q29@LIQA!%C;TV!F+0=@UL2(D%
M*4N8L@R8T ^9^!WT%0[Q#$G/8R#HO1#*@TA9$/=C\AK2&=^\:YCX26#1/31
MT%,) BOV$1'3;DP:NP\Y?(C.!9P^U4 EYCJD#CRX+Q']4J]7C?SDO\&M1Z5

M?1J!K42G?9+CJ^S?4^#TJMLYE377VGM_-Q W$V5&'T=B\^IY[GGNHSV(1__
MF^.WLI?].CAM:[J'+-J8Y4TA:=$6*Z5R\7+M/0Z:)31HP)I*ZMA147?F/']


M.*F8(+N/(%/Q[7U\[]&\U\]+1C;9:G$:L4DL3J83)Z(X*GFY!HDO1ZJ5C I9
MPO@.U6\GKE:33MA1T88F7E$!J]
2HR]- &
BEC:Y-!.YH2.O*#^_BA%7!(/#
M UVF1T4-)M;^U@*0SCTZ:#!JF9&*/3*_J$(#F-PXD,=IVABRX-D%B@%BKH4
M.0MC)'QQ


M(A#F-65%$M4A

M$F!/_C3Y
DJPD?M9H5]Q3PPK*Z+Z6<^]IG)XQ=?,PS[5CB9W;IUFB*:KUI+%!3

M0;ZI_%T^5$()5@4 &WB/JO4&K!@G/ -X2/!=8X*W-*'2V&V :@%3%/
=UKN3


M7)1BQP
LOJ 2+-
/ZJIVH%
)$B\N[&@R;'1F122

J7%_J(@S9


^&_H+H9



ZFF 15N2KJ)8E9*
M1%




@HM_89BT/LMBP8^=SGJ

MNJ&2Q =]58)?HX?6X\#I2&\.&-5U$JG98U
O0D'VAG8%J=)$7;]HAZ@:)\HX




M'/H7JK[4[QL_3U5M(PT8%C
E&U
3(&0^A5+6ZR?0A

M4K527Y7

H$+&S[&B
2%]7?:#^E!$.-5K!P4\
M
#5%#.WU;W@S9D2];4HBQHA+4ID@B)B%%/8CES8R6A4^5;'V9(*S$2;CGIQ@
MBF2]YW@7JYH$6%TP
/ BOV59*9B&P1D8@P3C<.J-1#;[JKP+042)R.$RH[
M;CDZ=P_1R1[U^I[^-)II!_J-IN^V+K&U:.L3N[C\]]GEW=7-Q=EM(JQEY=.O
MJP.HMFCB,H2)B!ORTKFX\X#HGU:WYGT!D<7B5N<=8IO3RA?-O=^C=F49^POA
M9?4QT)E$WLY19G/Y]GE7.BJ+3D\'5&X)JICU:3FMVH-(Y6D9R]IT!QM0/
M&BN@0$E[?'7Y


M)3TY/6E+E5.9S%F+TKSZ^O-L0%DT[^PV2?4!7'U'W \;J_V?@0I;#EY0ZK


&*2'=8-%)^ZZ(
EEDU

T][HK*1SUG:)_NL)54R







M S=HXDWI(*Z;R(9 !2_@N#$3\4A %WO
9!\@
ER;SH:C[L#$S-*/^2)Z';XT



M










M=R8MPD(Q08'I(*VD[V
K!

MK7


MS)94%@!&K-%=OB*EFBU:;_0*0A[82OSX0OS0D(/

MBU*WX

M53[T+;]ZVB-A-^[?DNHJ[7N.6G^MF/'WET)+B-E5;:P]
4HE1HX@6-\-7=*_


MN^BM1D=BPO-#VH)N1%U=IL:6H-24DP:O';&HR

M73SQ0%6&@(8)
FQP^:_1\;:/6'_8)P-LM2-O2Y
!ED91GMP;?]K.T_\&CN+;

!)Z\#P,3GXO/?7<DAAG<8GE\O\:Z,^..H_+IV;!

/_(^#OE_
!Q=WS


A/#%_C:B%%=XLW#-^OUMQ$I(







MXO+\W:_U6KV3+M-?#*!RE]*NUH^!T:8MQ7S?#0/WJ\N=.1?8/FB7O\23N-7F
M2=0V\QK[83:6(];WV]/K22ZDM6!/TFDKF0'/.A=BOK^.6E1B#YAY%HG]1DM?


I)7EW9-[HAO2S+D%

6=*)


M
;

MK%H
!&L]W8


MPE '\FXX!6C+
^?V2-B-]
&DNF(I=47)A%BX9
6
O\]I6T+
[A

=X(8FTXP
MG*N(4[&SLSE[6T)^.G


MIHH?*A9G
H5_CDH*99H&W$967R2-]?6N?J6Q;^O6S.;L0#1MQS)[CDP]P@
7K++BY/DC(R/6B.O*;06_OL<3SO\2X\*R(G<-6
MO851XU-'2TYWZO8H]NQN/J^MD:]^B\U?O+UO&&O016ZUIEC34OTS!T__CL]




=;*-]
!C/*U
MOV( ]U?)[Z4-\FIAI#4S=Z]3QE\#6/&ME
4GCW%HTD
)O\[R
+%H_1\/5F





@LV




_

1S$9PTX$%B$PC
MVJ[S4(7/0X4/ B'=!7 6I(7&/H&F1NR?8.3WAX?(
'VZ)*+C/!'C_5$C


R'SB_T





MDKSOAAZ1.K





M+99-
D



&6#/#; K

A'?7V+/!9&\);P %S2X36W!)AG03?N\T+
MNY_RO1O3\Z4R=5=FI6I-MC]6K5K+K$S33/?FR4RQ  1S5Z.9#X*N)SA6I.7V
MF1_P0%QCHSO:(&CV[_ZP41U1RP6%,\_;0(#R-W5^9=/.F_A=Y.V49%VAW5

4YH7&4*6
UU[R+@GWAW+BV#4^HTHAA


[Y*K_
S*2*B_,'NSW5KE[!&_) K[%^&-S!Y:%51=.,MA
MVA&WK[FT+IP3/I)P1BO4#[-^N!80;T3 ,5WJC'MH<!3KU7E\U%XE1V\95;-0
M;2%5LR N0M56^[BQ$NR/<6W@ZI9J+:0JED0%Z)JY^!X3N N17#A]-RA^.H6
MK[0^N[!M6@&F)IA[]KE/IYT

M3A;9L.5RZRP\+0+=/#LY;@VE(M2^J4LJ54#:G)O.72_CA]FQ$M#[@+Q]0-X^

%<_:LF]/D*I<_+8.TK=J2\SXJ65







YPOKF


YAV

#/Z(?#4<Q[32K4I4DY4HE(T]N=X/


M)[$]66I


D*

M%HE0UJ@='F90QB;015_FH.OJ[N1_ODS@BI;IZPY!4YG\)%W85#C(6]K +5
M!J;/0SNH8

2S
-HWKZ8WJ^X.H[8.P4$-
M8:B5'36-H?J=+FLT/Q!BN.

\&%)7KR!B

1!!3M4@EPI#)
43[B!'K?J]FB]4:O(.2!
MK32D+\0/#3D(_B 

%-'?%@^22.#7*' 
Y0#@



0

M727I53S3*.X_KE3Y
(=/0#7#\IX& B5F]OBA&83N*)%:/C =_AF=NF(HX_
7


0=/K^8YIZ)
M


G*N]Q

6O;@*'
PUV=P(J(*M'F-@ZESI

79#QHK0!8LS.E*$E\-[)%/6?
N#1X



7)

N GW&)%[CPT$MX

B%


0XKNJ(=WMA:(-S&%%CC
7
^'

1
M=F%HC/'>$T#E)[


AT%$P8+*82K8$1<EL$&Q0PQ

\Y;LT#R42
AD7A$AA 7Z;_
MN7&4]D=.3K


M


6CSH/D$$IH4
M6V('?1E/[J\G[EE7=/CT?X

MP-*OUYT_
*XZ:<NJL(5](#7@D],#4I3]G1AI5?;D;2\8
M7SGB[LF]PU[O8+'</0&1QH7+%B8OU\ <(6+^6?HB$NYQ#):\R\CV@/X..4'




:LYI*YAF7!(M1_%-UCS8(F
M_8UTZ
RB $RX7$S9TB 5U2*D(M)+:*8L/GUFXS76S-1

)MET4


D1FRR
L4


!*@/
$XSHI-!$/=R*LB07F'7^


6FSN:1GD+P9IT*P@(U#PYR



BY+GK457Y?FB;PE0+^QJ.CW*-F/(@V\S:B^F0QL87'U6;79B
MK?KL-40S+ ?+(HZ8)6!9R)7\ J*.9P-7W

M?7$8BOE*\H_]LV&8XD5=_.;JL%G$2[L$&
6$V


M0+UP_(#;]M04:P)4!YUG@)X*7'+



EZD'/P.VEPN7DO31_ELEC\HYLK]4I'1R
MWK)@+6 LSRSB?NY1] 8F92BN-F(N(]
?@\D\Y] #C6UN*T2:=JHT2-V$NQ




M+F.

&; =L (


MV.QIX*K&I


M2=BB!N1[?;UN2G7&0V2742

^+%Q?'10


EQN-Y6XML5E8EY 1UZ\^JN@:UDE&Q0JRDA*+V9'
MH^,ZU6@C:0JFAGBJ




0I4.D!3G&.A2+5]3ZQ_SHY
!L=W)NH^05V:R+_II-NM/#.A #A]VX8I*Y2?.:^H(U7<F<2
MX[0@^G;^JF1''


H\VIMW7G-I


TI(23B8+ 2_?:_=PD.8;11Z8S:6PH9C



M/?U^H];Z4&W 0Q56_Q /8^ENH[XC#O13P0*\-\0W^[C*LEO]T9X9V:EL1

MDLED\


[MAT$@06
35
)YX ] !
+A#J7K_?/&
MF%2[T!*/PG9'ZHN1YU*)^I^V$X WP]!LA5FM
!
P&P_D(9]S_U;.)AR[ LO
M2:Z]EW7,J/X*:(7IM)$SR0%[8T8N1[HAY_3:2-2N@QO5:-.4769'*R1TCP





/WW



'V&R@5)ZT)?'\2HC4H&.4=B%_

MYO

MUMB'^/H(ME

I1FZS0V$1F)J[:(8!.MO

M  %!1(5$6(
/Y.]7PIJA8K3U
20:
.9( D2/J:D-$N%O8;T1%]J_Q%BS
1ZJ

A:X4L\&91?H#Y7CC*.6P1'6 ? 4G+AJ/S(
A

^(\(
9@



$)929


M:DM&.C':[OJ8I=*  A0&-?8M/FWUA; UKR7YYEZ

MBU2*
;




M\B=Q'$-:\P=UF0NN).$T59=&O.; V
=@^JKCN5*@RA5(-PL%YPM4YMF.UHN\

5-
AQ=
]$LI9L=;O
V2P.HN( Q#:=H=H4$#8YMIZ3

/!$.C!^T/EP48U@92X$R^

M;_:=J8B?(/=C+L0CWYD&4SF\1QG%DRIR(,$-B_[N@)?4BH

0*53T239!
M[0?Q8(Q

M X?(@;2@R!R9B! 9
&EHQO.4




#]&
C+:H_+/
MN&&/J


M1F./2A#)/8^D*T

8P


X*V)3S^2#](%

,I--0?G!R<75SPD]0*1O%YKK?D2)T_I]H#WCE0C$@EUSZ:^YP]BB )33*9
MU )T]D!ZO8=O '7X*$;N/**'(/SWE\!L/#4!L93AJ W'H?XS#^#;5+W,CHV\
M<QB82+6JE,=GNP*QQ[^H:=!-I6-L,NN9\9^:,<NFA9O/:+/NNZE?3 =L7/\
M5O:VMX/3:A[DE8U6W32^; R1S&%0M7%Q

 *O!


M-FCT)*L%7/4()LW;JIW;;.(V*DT.LEHWC/_X[+XF;5%0@X+]'P88D=W_1*63
MJOB2%LO-H/H_JFI
HW38W)JJ+N$R
@14Z$'Y&*YAYL:
PD0ED



M*10-@* &8$JP]
Q-V*1A$-2 (+JZI-,,'[&
MAQ!1UQH?!A1.0JNE\5PB.TQNZ5\,B%OZ%_G<LI@.5X)IG6K^=\YSL6,X$H#;
M/)R-/R<8G5]H-UN@EVX97,;87 8K7/&E(G$LOZLP:0S<TA0BTEA /SRU'29-
M1,P&P# )G]QFO(SYRF26X\&)EA ?3OI'ZXB7M5AF1Y(LXT\FZ%&0)3[FP50

M(90+%^ORN=G




M:+^S?W0@F72


A6\)A+N;


M'RFHH$P(AUA*.(P2-H,D]NH^K*I+8GP2@ZH1U=H;46Z)=*6$LU.9+TL7&(
M/3A

'
.



_
)E(A!::9N(EITAR@3T_4CHSM341CQ+Q#D)K!Z4=]8I@4C8I.1^S#Y
M33T5?EY0

#41R6R1?+IHT=N:/J3\G0:Y.&$DJ#4T)BXL4#R]^+(V?.PX0






4/
FT#

T


M 568$E[$HPX249RTQ[EPKX22&^J+/GOT%*3HEZ7T%F)H0S3QE7H)D%%?9/

*$#4]N
0%! /JD\1K)5S =Z-'$C*)CB=X[

.= *Z.]O]@6O/@:# P
M\4\1

K97U73('TV3XATE
M=T<?=L@?;5AYZ1[A_S1(7_L^&EL(?+'FEG__.(!]5LQAJ)'
8O0J+L''^R&

&-6-^Z.A+BK]



HW@$T





M'-PU1/3\X6S\+4'*_QJ$-VI8%TWW:DNS6GXF$@916/



,B%_I@J9Y\%7=^*-=&W_4/RJAFO.*IF8N
MT<6L+)20E+^K&
+%WO1441T\JLO15G:F*P8]6QX8HG9K=.:!76P'Y-^*P

M4DXG28ILAIBWLR2U:M.-VGB=5[PKA_%GJ18(V5(R7UES4()10






E_SG (\KK

C4=B[PA
M?



J7O)*5R7S21S(7

MW_L#_K_\U_\'4$L#!!0    ( 

*H4!V^.
'4]2MAFFG/@@-I/K








;P):@'SJ

/
R\+Y*$6S@MXVH

M&LM!ZVHZ*6.0=I6@

M



$V_#?
MZO4*E#@!EZ$@\6E958O

MX)X.&:QU/0RK1\_C(2SYV+#+ ^K1Q$7/I.%VXKN\$RUN.G]@ND8)3^/6F*ON
.\)RS4*IJR0Y^(?R9ENNJW&YRF;#7S
MIC2H*,*MHBW-TN/6)'4ZTUHM;FNV\M8TNA&KJ(YKPB6Z00:?7:;<+\P51JL


:;*:5.JZ2K[.V@
M\EQQ0KA=4MCBR&T=[;(E[P(K :SF
P^
 ^5&)FU61W
[J[!IDG56-H'L/I3P
MV652B3^LMT\RSI&WH=*O=NG7#9?QZRITW(XN;-VX'&VQS?M=(HMUM7T?;=W.
MV8@H[W/[J+ )E&P.[X;
F;VM[+CCH6F+IG2HO:XH[M

%%KX&





4BF;W71X4Y:))*Q0*ISI

MRD_

KMMM\[_Y*=2
MPPH97G

?./#^TRR3)Y)A%
BSR??B1\*/!DI.]7N2-#



$E *(2Z'XW'FRHQ1O



.?7$A7F]*TI
F6*#(G8Q !G



M%:1KAZ3'XW6.UL0^II+6+ET03?Q.L


28-:FX<P!L7?K[<#()*)2-+#=WE75L7=H.953


'




M 
(E58$PZFCQ(  $3?   5    =&]F8BTR
#$Y



MCE 8-%%5V;A[


:^S%16Y&TCTWTY[9SO?1=5S0XZ 6H.L8H4=.+4#G\4*/GGJ(#F.'

-.O@
MLL IMV6SG]XL$



ZSEK<D
MP'(.L:9]K]-%YU/TMCY'![9S(G-CP6,6[=Y&JXJ:&E#?GNL7:Y'M!5\ UB7




M6R%U3%JGC6/7%5OTT+N%F
W!DE


MN
+O(?J



M35



-55
=ZB9
+A1[<Y
-
G
MG'I0:NU['G9K
W^NOHUBY!Z.OVX33JM%LXVJ#4[BC^']*G=0V!ZBGVAVU2

HCFW'[/4I7HR&
+YB95%7[9V:XV+K
!
MD::V+5[*65-V_8_


#:TJ
M=*V#L-1V%6HK%;^JA6&?I7)^Y<%LQP^I)B_-I%<)IS_(+6\1103MQR*DO
Q

6^,C .0*8<(55TJN/D (3&,5!%8DW8
M',0BL_BI(E 910<@4PZG*CK5074 0I.PHZ*Q%$\3F$L43&1JGT:



SF^CU#:L6B)6)JS

MT!K*UA.%12%(7H_2BT&E99_RM2004BF7HITN=DBWBEC$:EA:(\2_EP)/\.
MI.B'F&_5



MVM







\4L)HH6E6R7.)9JGI15VXV 1M^K*=#&

H/9C3E]2M



'ZP


1TFGN5 DO@0GJZ^(/%&XG&.'7Z'T)$XA*\)1




M&:MU'6.7M ZD#HH
)T.5__$( \2^_!]02P




M=[ 9R!

M;P[K@*ESM [H= :B!T@OHEN&_6\S' 9\H#S_=\S;31.4!L6T#QW0V2C$3[5M




2?$^N[0%52VU #)MW

4Q@P&



MTE8MW0@^BEE


1/.YS%\X&W34.5;%=JN6-DB^ JR

M





A0
8
M

M3M.M0WYI14.2@4]'3


M8-9Q5J1P9=.Y@KZK!*UAO4L-5M5!F2MTI













#[HEIQ5EO%9.5:*X:=4JA!BA$3^=IQ6E/%:
M.56)HK1UK'+*T?L0!G3$U5!8/


_SRB@K05=Q])-#'.5'CHO(



LT6AURPV


M#B/
9I!D(+2ZK4P[&?1]/5=3!6M@*W='+-_*5;'.O.-U-M[







A


M^_=O_1D

[%RCV-


T%
9;



/BJQZ'
M+%


TV
^^32Y!;A6
M^.


_NQ

8S;#XO%U?:;*KW;$6]Z*5US$Y;1UL5AJ7/88:K

K!T2YSY]
I

U%4I-H=*5^6T)C2
M4[XN6O(5KMQQ5'.HSN


M]'T2ZSQ@6Q3J? /85C95











M!'K-S7I9)%5E^DF5%#W
@4TZ&S:50\F47=

MP*LAJ\AHV?;+;L83ZWP0AO+4E
+^JTKJKG:UB%_#+O6(P'_'


PUI15)S:O:RI*
2IN
&%


MS=U+QD6\

U=1-1C
M
&]^+5@(7WV9UBM\JHC\4H7PA0C\=;C4F4-GJQ$;/779CA&#[*#:,,Q=
M I/FWL46[F(+7W%LH='+6RN\GR%^(& Q0SX(U0\B:I([ZA32@^YEV\:
B*0%


!I3AGF_D_<NXNCA[?Z@^3<F('=O7F)-JWS4J
PA%]GS6]9KC/6

D/O$?Q-=&P 73G\

MK);=WLIN;V6WM_)][JVD??V:I
]HJ;=5JE-^/SLJ.DVXL#A)\0F)4H14MWS7
M).]_
T6KVQ(%:A&=V$=IBPA7]U&V):O7D^&G




EL)K'5@O

MJFNNW?$
+N=6V2:
MT-*(4





M
F]:/$(/O0#?.CMG^!#_U#]^4-P1Y.O
M$@*.AK+]4/'5J7TQC?8*\IC%IVEFZ'N:T\$7_0=GF]1@+:^]R+<LCQ(-@+?
MUO0.^Y)N5N-K/?\U+485NEE-MS3W CM7(8^N7GV])O#'#^)?'8CT.1?C)8UJ

M'



M:PF0AJ)VQ#C-Y&QH%%G:Y=VX(2K(RT28@(DG30\_W7SUKY48D7+D%Y#\[[^\
M67]J$Y+F;'%W6














MHR8A7X$'9H!UV($J


S*E]4%T#^V_MW71







3
[/;5#WF;LV01:
$V&$K*V0KAE4






'#[4/
\Y=Y2ELSEMLG

4?0V
MMQQ5D&92Z:0U.7%&0U6]B] EW[T]D
]4['LO^3^*E%[&H]@TJ.*-1X[@&P8-

49AGT.5'7![S-)+
M3LXC)WA]!I71$B31AS51J]
0S)+(WB')OF/@L=9%
MT]/:+6$-:WA/$#!=!
L<-M
T@JBX8\-G1(D
M1R/*T27N.*5W^44*5_)A#\@RQND$O3+&+1#%T4*#U=,T)3@:2%(UI+[79Z)
M49-!7@9+%&5/PE_XI!;:.FZR\_/DS6S&I*R\A11N3#VO$RZ$G499QGC+Q#5

MY4[XER#
=25RT_-WBV9$


/@
Z0JBHH$-FY$0I+*81Y:G@)/28201H#E/@GM-P7J_^Z*#
M%E9-@\Z/*)I?ATCSEETI0T!HDL8^*3@'D'$6!LG?:,#-[L LZHL0V!K-ICD


D^0_4_:4WM @8RF-+K*L4'8V'.3]SBD'

MCA6@GC]_@

C!BI):=KJU=0GG;$GY
MO1@#WW/VE#] 2I$@-3L,@[1?FE@A=^FB%45$&QL^ WUJ%5+JD$II2L_R()9L
M0\SIGGV*QJ /;?2DD!$#PTLDU






MD[

M7L?W#_E\\4E
$J& AEH;T/')2B?X;5I:%=#PT@6E\@9IK4


HJG9XT:;B?DR.$UW9DMWW[PU@.&@S6E!
M;]DUE?MA5P$'8(
K_0$=KUOH+O [N^@V!30NR06E[87L%#+W5D/=8

[?A?;X^.#HZ.CLI?L@
QTTHIB2$]8(2#;ZT+UM:K$HJ8UUL1

P!3Y^/ROOHX=OT1R-4A6
FM
IAS?=F=_/'@[1^_._CGHS]5

1
M<0\2GS1)FP?B!XW2?O/P62%W4_)I1='0RHY/3=0'TF2=81M;+NUK^DC3@IZ+
MYCIAJ43V<YP_G!2B$RPI/WL.DP*H#S?&Q?]$M\&S\=1] TM^XQXV+FHW$&*T
M&33DW1Q[G]B7-_/9'#0&-+-S1?O&8OD&2KECW%(LQN6F*=S9@6_0^\0\.[


#Z/) 2

(K1'#0H+E855*'7IRPB(_R34Q$VSM];^
!J'
H30?!VLOCN-Y)+&#4V2
M=3%


MM;Q.C=V*T)DNVU70$


F4(C(TRYK?I!+!B'RMN6G(0T*E0M;=9B2(FC #1L=4
UU 1B*1+B7*0Y
M%=4S

'N.I


;4846I*^=S+.:\YFU[
C$]2;5K(
M-N_&VD#CP#8$WB=N;88$I1T25I%D2@@9DK




?SVS5M

M3]C3T




4KBH




M-IR+::6HU@7BE[(+;Z#UYF3T;*W/K
MM=-5\ +K)D@6%H:\$+UYO;0?O6*S&\.Q@G8IL-N:VF8)



Q!KR^

I]$Z\?@^&FTTA%?C!S:L

MV


M;
K[JTA-\KY(%Z+V79%2! V)]+C



MVL+D;FTKV$KP=)




M&$;3KW99&F4&U;)]0#K6Y;6'MGWHB
T7R/H3Z!+PWA1WD*8Z%S!/67&7S^Y8
MD;]G
-\$4O+TEC[GQP+ 9^/&C;L!OWMG8PO6W3YSU49#_=&0^_S^$/]6Q)$8
M 2;JUPPY+JB216H;IP)$IU)7I?Z) 8UZ+@-;WM(/!.DEJC-!J^#4(TW!6#

-D='&T%#W4V1JU=[


M^BQ8QCMF W[


G%=!Y=F




D]3

M6L7)J;@)6N5V57




3B'^TU'$0LKE Y\9!








U0;__ E.EMWKG5&GG;.'IEUITJZ4SWR_C+2

M#F'GV+0

LU&1]9UF

<!FX$W\KB1


M\7L3+;?W4VV&M?AN/X:F(^Z[A$HW7;\A?4G%:EPF]A#=]&/P=\9)'6U^(L:R





^-I[$_!:C#F\VJ+B.9)]$'POAMTHCX:%#B#5=+
U
MO;C







A4/]9
MA?7RV;2^M*M

DXE

LGH3MP]JXF


0C-EO09
M$5.Z5_WK6VFF1



J.6ZXGL#A\

_RSD$C6:B+L3*JMXC

M]KP/M:.*Z&U*;6D535?965&4Q\ADMA)Y^-PLNV7@#ELANB%N\!15
G?%88SS

/!CZT&'J@UQ^*DFZ_]YG

Q9E8MX-B0\R

B[
L_;OGL2QG8IIMVV[18K.\2GY TLFVMD[IBM.PS!NHJ^?V[_@V&K7H
MU,C:M1AY3D##H?\
0@?XI3RE_8K+.]Y:Y.Q5UZ;@D]7.PR\S2&S-!HG.@A1

M!.J/9$&9U2+ QU#]LU


15XS%
*Q ;/+85B1.6-5=#'CB
M3YZ[#R]1/.8)U+X$U3K+.'Y13SH@56[W ''V&




#K@F6?^S*ZG/0ZV45Z
M17G

M;*2_P X

M#KH7)W8:0U+J-/(]X':_^VI[K*T:]S[8MC_Z9?982TF- VU4R6+:WKT;KH^[
M




MK1


M*Y]!
I39(.N30U:X;0)I!=&PQX9.V5@5
KMZG\IP21UF1W%$?Q;4?&!%1O4T
L[V_SANGZJW[CRQ
XP


^EQ:;
M%M)
S6$;DT\HM@1NW! -J@U1WAS5E


[TUMAX'?0V Q^D=U2I(DJC#(\H4FH8?*K0ZNRTH)?T.;]]


M+:NGL8*1R+TB;L+?RL2KHVT7MX:M;U\A6\6'S;ONH^V@96R[F!MS%HR\3M:V

MO67%X&3O-F3%M;TV$K5^MVU1Y 6G9!FG\;)85GL4JTKY%=#U4UJO0&ET]AP*




MPAIY G
DD);$7RBAM=%F'HRC

9T?W)B93OK8#H&]([E+-:1)P]I0LJ $85O&;^


M(^D(T$:JXO6:&PWU(VU


%=&A:YA
8?_ &[E]=B\&VALP.20FC HJ%V:W2I!A?4

M?9 \.JQCG'$$ 0@;5HA;H
X8RVAZSTZ+H\W@!4'CH@\5K0]UXA=P]#%YGG



%#F9_W#SO70+ R%^9%SA53
MD_+QS9@._5 $MM]72O*US1IK:\:QS2[I$-!$$:M2:FD+X*54UT57 ?G;F-
M$0VPD)=IGG$0SK;
6[O \5.U8BM)Z^$*F\?WN0!SVVTLD/MTZEYP(I4+UCM
M\Z& (*.G!;UEK45


C#:S.2SM.VQ



M&$+69X'
+YR\(



MD!#75#1'UO;57P-E#9C[?(4TJ

M'FP?2N.DM$Y^D?;_&T?W&5DU'^*4VH*.-S?GL\ML6^AV9]G4%IINLF4!^AUD


AQ!@S^&8)



M(N4FK6TQ;/Q.TU



M?;Y0#4)TU

M[Y57;MW?TN?\6

M))?\RL5WR!U\:!(ZG039PU40BZ&'EX_)9A=BK FR@E



MP\8$J6R0R@BY9:0Q
^E*XN2!BI6MJ?TZO^)J(1TT=9=4RDQ:P?)69NF+CAGG

MI%NJKEI;FZ\OC+?1#$CM31772O4]\4E:IY_;H\&HGAN9)'&URQ#
X30ET&%*





B(U)FT2N34:4SY/31%OB@2N)C#!4W9S4TIJV6GCJN(TSAYH]-X63J7*
MX*IU




M$
XKI@IL6






M8TDBZRGHH*U[FF/GT-$!Q^EUS+UV0JT[BN/TS67R9W\M




ML6U
$(WM(J9698*$Z1


M\N& ]K=(ZV/D[H6TY:H/$OG%@SK9Y %I??6 E-]]I01L'6#\+ .O:31[%!.Z


MY'$=4VF\NM3^TP?Q+_'G^D_B?\&L5/SE_P-02P
$%     @ P(B54&M@'N];
M
0  _A$# !4   !T;V9B+3(P
3DQ
C(X7W!R92YX;6SM?5MSXSBRYOM&['_@
MUHD]T?/@KK*K^E(]TWMOJC9VQ+(=O=._O209.0AX*T(D;?6O7P D95(D
M;A0I@Y/S$R[;228F5_BD@EDXA__];R*O$= 8HC1K^^.O__PS@,HP%$BU_?


MZVXR/O5./AQ_/CXY^=D[_O!/;_PO[WQ\\_WSG


NGC_]/\X.)GZ3Q]H
?GG_^\.''#Q\^'&?D_X@@^OH+^[\'
+]:5Z_W^OKVZ#)5CY1Q QE +PKJ!BO331
M'7_^_/D]_VO1M-;R^8%$Q3<^OB_8V?9,_PHE[4N<Q/7F+-WA0
_X4:F_(PG
M;


M]^QO[RD^Z0J@9(3Y3 9

M'3
Q9;_SGO?CLE3/V+ZO%TD

M]^/E.




V-THZ%1^*$ Z(Q0NIMNQD8@*Z)ZB%0


M# /:RSF



28

MZ'#JDV33P(L)^^:]=AF/

R&EBG39M;[G):MH@13Q
Z#Z&0E;TZ9.@8@?U6TUYB_=K

]885@I352UDX/ 9G5!*ZX[ND0^;YGV C Z'65!.%
M8_=@$$AM!8=D#O:;[/ZJRTTM7[BDM:;9+2J[D@$%
10G:=5*[UG:::ZO_H


V-% EL AW:P**#11
M^=D]5.0ZL C.)4H XQP^ CJM^CF?
G!$%)K@?'8/'+D.+(+#AW 1-I)ALM-0





M3_;FAN, M5B)6AN[V3:!:9K&[ 4:V#)]HLV#QW-@_OO):-02DKG=4\J17Z



M2JPZ





8-3*;L;H^H6
M1-$+DY)#F9UVMJ

(4!Y&L;B QH\JC/+!Z


M8SJ*'W 

EB-X*EE4E8E*D=F7 $CEG
M'6@-4$IM'0.F8E8B!$KLERODN(!9DKL 4&

M;D.JO)WCE0^19//1W-PQ5&06M[OY:!:H=-O C8NWUX Y(;+K8[6FMF^-M8%#



M('_!]X7A.]S9:.WG:[:=R


69E-!C=2%O
BN+4&@G]=HI-D4CQ
M;&SER7JM'6




MP#J?%2?S&YR 8BLM1E9
H8O?H6_JZ8QFW,EU\JK71
MWPB8T6%Q



M2.&PMSJ3(V*S4B

1
+<7M9O*\@I83('.$6-
M1BM^J'V)KJG[E9)\A=@R?



M.$V^8#8V

?MZ='DH?815PDB7P

%\HOX9+==]QA5F/HM^C*





MG1JDEL=6



MR5 R[

T@%<N_/#AO? )HOI@!7[X]2!ME)6$UI\I,49;4Q=N3+MC
M'Y+?_@%I=2F2T3E2U<O2X;$+]<CM_[
B+G';J*7GC*VQP2P3%)^Z4XO-BFE

(U8(']GCWWJQS#@



MFOGX4_5@_9Z[:6JSJ7+L#[%2JK)DB)U($Y9=&&/?7N;R/OG*[HRQSK.4'1QC

2 !C




M&3I5I?U)MU2_03;S2JLXN##_OJIR#B\VQM9ZC !_S6_+;7YF=@H0F

6$;$6








M]W;M

-X3T
8^K

M P#F!VZ5+PD\#/2950V2[AJPV:CO!NP

MEG22^BH_+5)3#@@AM3!NG&77^2RX5!T4J2G=@$O7()4 [HKGQ G1K1^!.+^/




1&JE?P6:




PY^V*;+-4:IZ9T ^D#

MHQ#SBR^J(Y/FUFY@U



MSR_/+A&[$1B.5LRZ)&IYN:#23F3BNL((KNQAY?+_I)K\W*JP620Z0CO!DRE
MTNG^J+\!O!7$



M4O%BPT:


M9DD K=K


M

MV9@]%BPALKH$YWQ5;N72'25[92T&Y%%6Q4^+V/)N6@.MVB*JK1(W9L\MPS/_




M



MVIL

M[.DK186;:K



M;G#R+Y#



W6K@ZW%+HN
M[

MX!QYH,M+E_OP;4S*G9NB'2]5I8
W:V.DT
?$.GUKW!9S_)X I0836KC?^P
M&]C*B!TK




Z$*5CX
MM*G=WW(8*F+X67I5P8J5:W.#49 2IE+=(=M(ZO9V1U\.=R?8+;O&.-F/L.Z#



(I0%2/[XHIW !%









GPW/76^C(:7#/EJPTYB4JMKWL
MM@NO.?6;'Z49#E&$GUAI5V/






MAS;
$F$Z&:T7*+2['M_@!!35^+5*!GWZN+O0\BZ\O _':@:=@X?$9+D4M;==


?T]GIY'M#;+*/BIO 34*V%.-
MBBGE%

MD[Q)'V[
-5J3OXE8)8?)$3!5RT%36S? 

M '44XR*@9Q@] L+3:+






X*5JZOD@)7HOS[VB3:@MK 7A#/3?)U=
%QU$
_:D?


PA-R[



MW$:AKR36DJY6/ME

&6GR3!EJQ[

EH*H0QTU8
MHYTV-N
F2I

?4Q<R*NAL;]F-+'47/RV=O#EG
M;\Y91\=]E&F#P[[\+^S_'OP8T-_\?U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ,(E5 @NC
.*8

3DQ
C(X7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4


C Q.3$R
CA?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (
M 
(E5!K8![O6S$  /X1 P 5                =H 0!T;V9B+3(P,3DQ
A,C(X7W!R92YX;6Q02P4&      8 !@* 0  :#0!
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 28
 2019








NOTE 2: DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS AND
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 - Tofutti is
engaged in one business segment
 the development
 production and marketing of dairy free frozen desserts and other food products.

 The Company reports
on operating segments in accordance with standards for public companies to report information about operating segments and geographic
distribution of sales in financial statements. While the Company has multiple products and or product groups
 its goal is to focus
on dairy free foods. The Company&#8217;s chief operating decision maker tracks revenue by product groups
 but does not track more
granular operating results by product group as many of the ingredients are similar amongst these groups. As a result
 the Company
has determined that it has only one operating segment
 which is the development
 production and marketing of soy and other vegetable
protein- based
 dairy free frozen desserts
 frozen food products and soy and other vegetable protein-based cheese products. All
long-lived assets are located in the United States
 the Company&#8217;s country of domicile.

 - The Company operates on
a fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31st. Fiscal years for the financial statements included herein are the
fifty-two week fiscal periods ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018
 respectively.

 - The preparation
of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Significant estimates include allowance for doubtful accounts
 sales promotion accruals
 inventory reserves and reserves
for uncertain tax positions. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

 &#8211; The Company
primarily sell dairy free
 vegan cheeses
 frozen desserts and other food products. The Company recognizes revenue when control
over the products transfers to its customers
 which generally occurs upon delivery or shipment of the products. The Company accounts
for product shipping
 handling and insurance as fulfillment activities with revenues for these activities recorded within net revenue
and costs recorded within cost of sales. Revenues are recorded net of trade and sales incentives and estimated product returns.
Known or expected pricing or revenue adjustments
 such as trade discounts
 rebates or returns
 are estimated at the time of sale.
The Company bases these estimates of expected amounts principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. Estimates that
affect revenue
 such as trade incentives and product returns
 are monitored and adjusted each period until the incentives or product
returns are realized.


 such as pricing and quantities
ordered
 are established on a frequent basis such that most customer arrangements and related incentives have a one year or shorter
duration. As such
 we do not capitalize contract inception costs and we capitalize product fulfillment costs in accordance with
U.S. GAAP and our inventory policies. The Company generally does not have any unbilled receivables at the end of a period.

 -
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and unsecured
trade receivables. During the year
 the Company&#8217;s cash balance at its financial institution exceeded the FDIC limit of $250.


its customers&#8217; financial condition and does not require collateral. Management feels that credit risk beyond the established
allowances at December 28
 2019 is limited.


2019 and December 29
 2018
 the Company derived approximately 87% and 82% of its net sales domestically. The remaining sales in
both periods were exports to foreign countries. The accounts receivable balance of two customers represented approximately 39%
of total accounts receivable at December 28
 2019
 and three customers represented approximately 51% of total accounts receivable
at December 29
 2018. In addition
 a significant portion of the Company&#8217;s sales are to several key distributors
 which are
large distribution companies with numerous divisions and subsidiaries who act independently. Such distributors as a group accounted
for 44% and 42% of the Company&#8217;s net sales for the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018.

The majority of
the Company&#8217;s accounts receivables are due from distributors (domestic and international) and retailers. Credit is extended
based on evaluation of a customers&#8217; financial condition and
 generally
 collateral is not required. Accounts receivable are
most often due within 30 to 90 days and are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and
reserve for sales promotion. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company
determines its allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due
the Company&#8217;s previous loss history
 the customer&#8217;s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company
 and the condition
of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Company writes-off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible
and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the bad debt expense. The Company does not accrue interest
on accounts receivable past due.

 - The Company
considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

- Inventory is stated at
lower of cost or net realizable value determined by first in first out (FIFO) method. Inventories in excess of future demand or
approaching expiration are written down and charged to the provision for inventories. At the point of which loss is recognized
a new
 lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the
restoration or increase in the newly established cost basis.


49% of its finished products from one supplier and 17% and 20% of its finished products from another supplier during the periods
ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 respectively.

 - Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded if there is uncertainty as to the realization of deferred tax assets.
The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&#8217;s assessment
is that the position is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax
jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term &#8220;tax position&#8221; refers to a position in
a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring current
or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes.

- Basic earnings
per common share has been computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. For the fiscal
years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 stock equivalents of 80
000 shares and a convertible note for 124
688 shares
were excluded from diluted earnings per share calculations since the effect was anti-dilutive because the strike price was greater
than the quoted market value at such date.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December 28
 2019
    
    
December 29
 2018
    

Net income
 numerator
 basic and diluted computation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average shares
 as adjusted - denominator diluted computation
    
    
5
154
    
    
    
5
154
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



- The fair value of financial instruments
 which primarily consist of cash and equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
and accrued expenses are stated at their carrying values. The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short-term
nature of those instruments.

- Freight costs to ship
inventory to customers and to outside warehouses amounted to $920 and $918 during the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and
December 29
 2018
 respectively. Such costs are included in costs of goods sold.

 - The Company expenses
advertising costs as they are incurred. Advertising expenses amounted to $182 and $188 during the fiscal years December 28
 2019
and December 29
 2018
 respectively.

 - Costs of
new product development and product redesign are charged to expense as incurred. Product development costs amounted to $324 and
$410 during the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018
 respectively.

 &#8211;
The Company considers the applicability and impact of all Accounting Standard Updates (&#8220;ASUs&#8221;). ASUs not discussed
below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on the Company&#8217;s balance
sheets or statements of operations.


 the FASB established Topic
842
 Leases
 by issuing Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 which requires lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet
and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 was subsequently amended by ASU No. 2018-01
 Land Easement Practical
Expedient for Transition to Topic 842; ASU No. 2018-10
 Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases; ASU No. 2018-11
 Targeted
Improvements; and ASU No. 2018-20
 Narrow-Scope Improvements for Lessors. The new standard establishes a right-of-use model (&#8220;ROU&#8221;)
that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than
12 months. Leases will be classified as finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense
recognition in the income statement.


on December 30
 2018. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
 applying the new standard to all leases existing
at the date of initial application. An entity may choose to use either (1) its effective date or (2) the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial application. If an entity chooses the second option
the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered into between the date of initial application and the
effective date. The entity must also recast its comparative period financial statements and provide the disclosures required by
the new standard for the comparative periods. The Company adopted the new standard on December 30
 2018 and used the effective
date as its date of initial application. Consequently
 financial information will not be updated
 and the disclosures required
under the new standard will not be provided for dates and periods before December 30
 2018.


practical expedients in transition. The Company elected the &#8216;package of practical expedients&#8217;
 which permits it not
to reassess under the new standard its prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease classification and initial direct costs.


for an entity&#8217;s ongoing accounting. The Company elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all leases that qualify.
This means
 for those leases that qualify
 the Company will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities
 and this includes not
recognizing ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases of those assets in transition. The Company did not elect
the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components for any of its leases.


material effect on the Company&#8217;s financial statements with a balance sheet recognition of additional lease assets of $346
and lease liabilities of approximately $362.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments in this
Update require a new topic to be added (Topic 326) to the Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) and removes the
thresholds that entities apply to measure credit losses on financial instruments measured at amortized cost
 such as loans
 trade
receivables
 reinsurance recoverables
 and off-balance-sheet credit exposures
 and held-to-maturity securities. Under current
U.S. GAAP
 entities generally recognize credit losses when it is probable that the loss has been incurred. The guidance under
ASU 2016-13 will remove all current recognition thresholds and will require entities under the new current expected credit loss
(&#8220;CECL&#8221;) model to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between the amortized cost basis of
a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that an entity expects to collect over the instrument&#8217;s contractual
life. The new CECL model is based upon expected losses rather than incurred losses. Additionally
 the credit loss recognition
guidance for available-for-sale securities is amended and will require that credit losses on such debt securities should be recognized
as an allowance for credit losses rather than a direct write-down of amortized cost balance. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the effect
that this new guidance will have on our financial statements and related disclosures.



































The entire disclosure for the business description and accounting policies concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity. Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 28
 2019











for the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018 are as follows:



    
    
December 28
 2019
    
    
December 29
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



tax expense at the statutory tax rate of 21% and the Company&#8217;s actual tax expense for the fiscal years ended December 28
2019 and December 29
 2018
 respectively
 follows:



    
    
December 28
 2019
    
    
December 29
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018 consist of the following components:



    
    
December 28
 2019
    
    
December 29
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2019
 the Company had $87 federal
net operating loss carryforwards and $829 of state operating loss carryforwards
 net
 which will begin to expire in 2033.


available evidence
 including generating taxable income for the past three fiscal years and future forecasts
 that it is more likely
than not that the deferred tax assets will be utilized and reversed the valuation allowance on the Company&#8217;s deferred tax
assets as of December 29
 2018.


the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management&#8217;s assessment is that the position is &#8220;more
likely than not&#8221; (i.e.
 a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be sustained by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the
technical merits of the position. The term &#8220;tax position&#8221; refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or
a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes.


the Company&#8217;s uncertain tax positions for the fiscal years ended December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018:



Balance at December 30
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 29
 2018
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 28
 2019
    
    
    
    



related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for income taxes. The Company had approximately $29 of accrued interest
and penalties related to uncertain tax positions at December 28
 2019 and December 29
 2018. The amount of uncertain tax positions
that would affect the effective tax rate if they were recognized is $201. The liability at December 28
 2019 for uncertain tax
positions is included in accrued expenses.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 28
 2019
Dec. 29
 2018











130


066





093


962





037


104












632


357



















626


671





929


732















































154


154






















 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))




















































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.


















































































































Expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 30
 2019
Dec. 28
 2019
Dec. 29
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]












































































Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
































000















000




















































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 28
 2019
Dec. 29
 2018


Corporate income tax rate
 percentage

























































































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.

























































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 28
 2019
Dec. 29
 2018











187


061










Inventories
 net

929


714



































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 28
 2019












    
    
December 28
 2019
    
    
December 29
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
338
    
    
    
11
847
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
130
    
    
    
13
066
    











    
    
December 28
 2019
    
    
December 29
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
241
    
    
    
10
811
    

    
    
    
1
889
    
    
    
2
255
    

    
    
    
13
130
    
    
    
13
066
    











    
    

        
December 28
 2019
    
    

        
December 29
 2018
    

    
    
    
13
130
    
    
    
13
066
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 28
 2019









29
 2018 to December 28
 2019:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    

Outstanding at December 29
 2018
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 28
 2019
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 28
 2019
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    








about stock options outstanding at December 28
 2019:




        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
        
    
    

        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
80
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( 
(E5 ?(\\#P    !,   +    7W)E;'
O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C




-G[&:8T8 =
M.NPI@2@%L'::&$YCU\ 5


[)
=DE-0Q#.=1S+N\@

M^L/O*NR\L3O[CXTO@FT#O^ZB_0)02P

M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F


O



MYL]9R(II

E0Q8HZ7N5V;B]7N;CILJCY7D;J5E5
_MWP
M4CR6
8[?)YZ+RU6W$VB5-^S?W+]J]E+,T)#E%-1\5H5HHXD/R_C-5[LB58
MQ$O!'VKT';5;.0CQV@Z^G99QTJZ(E_RHVQ#




MB1DH
?/YJ2
!0 *IGH

_0C450$P(178YMAW


E@*0+? L1W.'4O3 @3N#$)? L0W^'4

BYX

MC-.;!9-_QK_-^

M5'EGFLW1:\^-RO=#4%5ZX/N15^5%[6Y6P[/'9K/2EZXL:O78..VEJO+F[U:5
M^KIVA?O^X*DXGKK^@;=9G?.C^J&ZG^?'QK2\6Y9]4:FZ+73M-.JP=C^*APSB

MP!N=#4/]E'?Y9M7HJ].

M)-M1 C


-


A]L(!D!0_%46A[2WSG!04

B113+
M6)7M)0%/2Q!T*5K*'RS[/@HYB2'':
AG^;YFZ82''%#(11ARP$ .U_Y]S=()
M#SB@F\@(;]V V2#Z&$__$2V]\*@$BLH(HQ(8LH([R,Y59A:P T\+('
L*P

FH__!Y#J94_VM4:I#U]_&YKX9C[9CH]/GZ=CNW?YWL/D'4$L#
M!!0    ( 

M8@Z(XY*2W_5)5%M_Y7LG?$97(IYI_Q6/!26^-U;_'=\PD7)%(G



MS#]!A$Z(4/NC.43J]D=.?Z3]\=R?&44
DD1+6BV)@:$I'9HU='/$3H[8YE@9
M'+&5P]CNTE8 -T/B9$ALAK7!







H93X'+J; 
Y[[.?XX^6PNJKVN3M)J;V7JJR[


4
M3+WLBTK67:%JKY6'M?] [[?

M%[FY7.16EF7?D^'X


T 6ZC@


TP!$9G)F4

4

<0(


('I6HP5[H^XG7



GZ.

K0F^$=]Y-72S5SGB$[P

M3^





M+Y7)]GVE(@\H#).@R






+K$0$D2C= Y':#

MQ[:=
/ H!7
@Q2$TII0&.SO-=]T:[-I8-A]*'HU@UFG)N@7O5RTIQN?(]F/-
MHQ/

[B68?/T7



M!!0    ( 
&UL?5-A;YPP#/TK47Y <Q=H-YT J==IZJ1-.G7:]CD'!J(FA;AZ/[]
MG

.J7K'R;
MTX^45%+0?DG,S[W



+8LLS+OX 4$L#!!0    ( 


M?(IGEM*IN(_P154@,=,0HP2E4LK*7OG44\J(14MWL9=FK0/X\W][41;)_)


MW(01:L
'FPT%M8_'
!#$CF

$%     @ P(B54
 ^




.#U0WYLZ.&,KXIU/WGKOI<K3@ERS@(YSAZ
M@;PAB!=?(]]$?Z@4[WZ=EN@EFD9]OHV9=]@7Q7((\^?\J_ A)\^1=#++I

M_[U60T#KPO&S/YMYR&;#Z6'Y/V3]Q-4_4$L#!!0    ( 
(E5O9/63LP$



MD9?Q-'/2)64 KL^O[%]B[;Z6


%IHW3

_2N('U#NN+2K
M3DFD7J=IDS;IU&GK9RYQ$E3 &9!+]^\')
VR+=H7P
;O^=F8?$3[XCH 3UZU
M

L&T GP%\ =RG/&Q*E)2_%UZ4

KTET0[X+W6NZS+&?72#3'G*88OHY9(EA@7U+P


MLYW&;#(\]O
/8LLW+G\!4$L#!!0    ( 
(E58F[Z9M $  -(#   9



MCDH+&U=4#=9IF5B\%


XW9

$%     @ P(B54)T
FKJS 0  T@


M_5.LW==R%A;N43W+RK4YO:6D@EH

5_A@LH'QZ4^!PE*AM7





A!Y&2\3)YU3!N#R_
;^)=;N



MG/8?PM2MMN2
SK]L['^%Z

M+W-H965T


M^N9XEDWKHX


5_@ANH$!Z5A!PE*I=64O;.HYY8@A0M


W2+1%'
Y




MUV3TAI(2*M$K]XS# TSU7%

0I4-JZDZ*U#/:GX5+1X&W?9
MQGT8;_CM1%LG\(G 9\)-C

,T65)@W\9)7GCG@;WC\4W^P<=I?Q*FEJTE
M9W3^96/_*T0'/I7DRH]0XS_8;BH7#A^\6<SCMEH..RF'\3F;YS_!5!+ P04


MVIM43YJM





MN@-COFQ!W]G.S#XI[9.BXN:YCO'(@JD;1B?+-Y8%I(0XLLQ4ZNR&P?E#1P



M%6\/'&=3QF :1?J'Q7N
7HKMTWW&+E%HPAQ'#%]B9@1#]3D%7TMQY/_1^3I]

X+





M_?R#V/*-RS]02P
$%     @ P(B54./9Q!6V 0  T@
6;M\44!Q@6\3OZ^@!W'3=T78(9SSEP8LA'-DVT!''E64MN<ML[U!\9LV8(2
M]@I[T/ZF1J.$\Z9IF.T-BJ2E&1\M_O(E.@T+;+H.YDBP\')3L/)$#LH)<S+


MQ)9O7/P!4$L#!!0    ( 


)2
P'2





+=QD2PJDD4([JY$8IC]E0A9-4Z ;L.3
M-:A2@PSCLO(N4W&?A

^EF



M%FFH

K;,X+[SP5=S0T_@L^CM0STS5O#3HKZYY/:'*E

^&@

R?ROR/\4$L#!!0    ( ,(


?X[GCIFM8X!RFR@37P

.SY#^ZRK0Y?L2H@II=

MH'

T1

(BR1!D21 D&Y$0IC'L

B:8 @WHB$
-N?2E9/
M4(!J?/-I5





MI(;.2NR(@3JG#\GQE 9\!/R0


MF3\))XK
X$C





OQ\SU[#:
MB_\&5^ 6[C*Q&H7DVG]1
<QDE*KHYHQIPF#%UA
MX@5!+/LB04


:^K1FS<0LIV[7GB6-:



MU

W6BFX

C<M
MU&.V'08_8<)GS [ //R*2)(!HBG3 Y.




@*$$!6D Z3C#()%_[
P2

M+* F80


GE215^*A=II366;UWZ4HY&7N
O?UX#'?

M:O54NMJL



MQ[C;E+!RL*ET4!AB%X1GGM#
FZP0*(P



MC8OUXA]02P
@W/&JAA;S

M?TL@=
A=W[T&GIM3+50 %5F/3_ #Q
]^Q^0.S2Z'IH6.-[1S&!QS]\G?;-=*



(JM!I VBNU
P(
M1$VM-IS7I
MVNCC41)[;W#$5H[8PA$:'*
F61;QX\@@^4!TAY)841(+BE&E?-1$)LB[DCN


$%     @ P(B54*(?

8
M9R
7K[(%4-X;H[W


M

HH
5'*WX0'=PD5
@L@+QAQC[
M38P)DUA

--5S
7UZ4Z'X



D1Q
MT_I%;F([7N3L)$G3PHY[XD0IYG_70%B_\D/_*_#:5+74 53D':[@%\C?W8ZK

!&T;^- =9K_R%[QW@B$]$OK+^
M&]AZ4M^SQ?^ 


M


MTQK

;N.=?;?%.CJ3Z; *]-6

(MOPN5V:$ 7F:$=_L2\:EKA[9E4[\R\AB-C$I3!

$%     @ P(B54/SX
M

HH

Q^_








YC4J<HB_1_E&2HD@Q1



M8+*+@O7

S

UJID7^'[LU:1JW#RS
M:SN19_RL6-70G7#DN:Z)^+NAC%]7+G+?%IZK4ZG

MX J 
 :%3+\D?/Q1K6SIN)DVXQTGYNE*E2H]6AE:T#4WLGZQO3XFQ-?G?3
M]

M='

M0&MC:CMA^_:U#4L1G4K-16R/SYQO[


TA4DQVZ

=+U89';V$D4.;\JVO5P$H&\

T^2T0^B6-TEX[Q

:C&]Q:3ZO?A5$J]*

8)7
M(CY
O!)!B_^=@6AL:Y!!Q:^]
O_5(CIWGT?[(E?QH^Y*[AV]T;B6]HV(INME

M



M6D!Y-N K_ 3Q:S@S.4.+2M5VT/.6]@Z#^NA^\@_%7N$UX*6%D:_&CFIRH?15
V

C@Z;'M: U3OA'T*Y

MOA_M[ *A52#4 M%*8







MDDWN)JY304TN5+ZP\2O
_82N
S?_':Y 5;BN1#%*1H5Y.N5%2-;-*JJ4CKQ/
M:]N;=9SU;VGV!#PGX4!3[U,(%/Y,Y&DR#@;'3Z=_4#T)_;V6)U-J9WF*,P[
M5;Q0WFOAAUZ&KEIHCCE,,?A##%YBD-)?(-@*P4; OQ/P@L0NX%L%?
0?*C

MT8;Q21NQ%1%;$/$*$6\0./'LD
0*22R09 5)MA\DM3-2*R/=
H)U(^GFS\+1
M^O]'=Q=.S[


X+GAM;(U5ZVZ;

M.^0DH-J8V4[HWGZ^4$:)J?8';//=#H;CHF?\1=0 TGNEI!5;OY:RVR DJAHH
M%@^L@U8].3-.L513?D&BXX!/AD0)BH(@0Q0WK5\69NW RX)=)6E:.'!/7G%
M_,\..NW?NB_+3PUEUKJ!506';[ #Y _NP-7

/
R!$*ZD<OP=1?_34Q.GX

E/J

.&(

MM5I

SDN




&.
MX%_UB5=;=^4Z)SBC*^;/I/\8T&)ZXS5?X,;8&7)+'D6F?IWCE7'2C%$$


M0_*C#:1.,RC-*JS4^]$M4Q8;T64KG/O)@.-FG+0A#--,D\$7U*$=I2E*'A
M'GY
L#
546;/$%F+B)1_- =










6*]%E&6Y

1939
T36(B+E'ZT!DSN(L35
MK +$'P VVBE

M V1C'M@=C*T58VO!B#2

!UXCYN&PPG+A<9F)-IR$Q;3@9Y@'H+5.X^ =02P
$
\:@VIK83NKN?
M;0BBQNL?_


M-Y=:F0E4YAVYP]0O[N#T

MZ\VLS*3=._M.5ROU[*V



M9%Z

1N
MB@

M*L:
^054)(35<^\

MGK/P_B'!9R
T8'8.$TPP_HC 6GTL$2R5V 57].#? OMK1+A9KA N-A%:?C@U
MN+YA








!

HK#
/&Q4OG1FBE$S'L2KRTW-+\#C1U/]ZD\[=E
M





&:%C(V_7A--G[3$^?RB
M_M5E-UD.1

MH#HI+;A7


ITSV4:WN?X;(4\9CMBXADFOD;L/B*2?R+8


MUFVN1@@-1B^\

9B][?)WBZU,IW4$L#!!0    (
M ,(E5,G*NWP$  

M;(54[6Z;

M 2L]27!-YM;(EC;X2SUL:/*4CD8WG9P5$@/0C#U-P<NQSV.\%O@N:T;XP(D
M2WM6PP\P/_NCLBLRJY2M@$ZWLD


MC$JHV


 L7
M]&?G]ZQ;;:/G+(FBE)R=T(3) X8N
@
M:M\J&A5RZ(P[Z45T[L8'ZN[/AWANNS0TU44FM/AWINJVT^@DC;V=_@Y54AJP
M)6YN;(V-?57F!8?*N.F=G:O06V%A9#\]&V1^N[)_4$L#!!0    ( ,(E5!<

M



X7E_9O]KB=3%[(NF6LS_E014K
M-W&= SV2
U
OO/U&^X(BU^FK_T$OE&FX4:+/R#F3]M?)SU+QJF?14BKRWEW+

MO(!/P& 1V.;CFR(BF $4)+$-X0Q!
7.DQD


MJ27WH#9^;\CN'T1U+_+&0JXZ5#T4O@MD/Q(Y;$=R^((%I






MM@+(P28QBG 0I(B1NO&+W
9VHLCY6=&Z@9WPY)DQ(OYN@/)N[8?^-?!8GRIE





MXM22W&B)\3M^ITZ]/-N+)P$BX_=Z'IM
\0Q^'



K=D





MX3LA

G;70

0



N

LG_^
VB


M



7%1N)=6#A]-:&#W_W.2VH8(Z)Q3I?A7?/I/%SFSH@G
M9991ASB?P6)_DF'6^O9N=S#L#H]:Z/57N5QV/R7I0R*F
LS31$;B+
]+F34[

M

882+-.F&LYF$-M BVC1Y
5V%RZ5X6^9Q

.?RMCTB8YS#F&^=Q

ML+M



M5%R.G:

\;?Q+1J&L^*_

M# HJ
%W3$GTJ_?OW

M$@BHANF*C;I'#7HKX3A+).M]G..9P]

MF4=J/OFK1 




6


\^L__


*#T5'=D58:N2?@
 74?I
L







P;K&&;# 5.<020FB)?PFCG

MW2JO$PZ.9/')&T_V.XSO9^. 


M&VR\[=:\5^$GJ9Q65%:Y5AY@GMU+) @8:O%

M;!'F WHS6+/@20!ALC#)VD$H@M]MBH, 2L#/QLV!_@D6(4_PR@D691)9;,M
M]\)LOF\7-!-W@'3WDLD&O%L4Q9())IB/)1P^

M'$P $
SD[/)5#269I95I7FF\H[\BUX=E04J$=F0? 1

N#9V4&G!)<50=BJ4(/AMJ)(I/)%Q&I$DF!'B4#/&9[#



4PN2 =AH&:] +\'JWY49



3+=;7E76$ B/3#I (@






 \')=@




MM3WLV!K!'!;P3K86&PWAX*IP5Y!9[H?R[Y2WE^OTHH?@R))5*%GK2:6K ABJ


/%24EI]C



$T 2F$1]1&2FBJ6O%T6'#Q


M4E:1=A3\! BJF'_]]%H#F4P@H:A-K$([2PJ.Z3G.CDQ0(^7&'V N!-VSUEJ(



M7


M[CF










M1SR





</&)+AGY6;._

:'HK5^^(
MZ88^L6'T6M9+;T1E
QN2



U\WQZ7/=)Z_!:M=C#JV%:P05VXP9I^K$M 4;,K?#CP$'
MP^JIRG3+Q-Z I9)PV*Y.M9S(=L$076MY+K6O#9SC S@)XA5((%*SK[=MC/4








V
PPSS4@$8'@603;=



4+C]AV0;DQE\4Q =LL2R^TS 78CR#KK0+AX#5DE(C94*B



M!P7J6H&Y_Y2@#$&
/\C %+%C=-

M-?&@


M BHD(T;@L@4C
3H


M]FI7%-G0U'J.#!$+\P%


'1*$@IZ6^JEP_
<RB_.(RVPH9LK3I<H@$MQ.SA8)
M83E7

\7BH6R225
5[/+LM90ZH27 :/&

J$E5O;-L-K#.@ZAHQ'-Y?@KEYG=Y3V8_UA2XO:N; %POT


B 5(L[8C3')@\?*F55F3(QU^_H#58/+


*O1+
=O1'X_ZFX&O\T
M?OMA@N#MJ5P7:DW]P7[=E##%
L

MWL'^2^O=5%BMI%*+)(Y^BX@4WRJ)CI6O'F%8&B+G_# GQ%36M[*O'I.1NS



M*.=I37R\





MHE.$; ]4GK%Z
T^]=BE1W]2&EJ: 7D4[.U03P7%[5ABANY3\LP)05+[+L-


M8F#J15/&FU_Q#+9&&^B:&M5M$8/8J
)C_')



MES*Y*Q9JS'M)*KXAYI16XHH8[05#
WE7HJJ@!6FYS5U1N&#0CHG+I7QQ*7KU
MC


MV

[[)PO:#P
3  J=\O
M2

MC3UXQ?[17C#.XQ H-D.
'1=9FN-H8C@Z%


0;J]3['2Q

LK/992?RR@_

MF4&^(:'HY(^GLX6



MQ3N?:U#];]2@VJA0N!K!N:K2=

M+

M7&9K)S8T]::0E9[@2SQ7[GIBY:Z-XMK4UM''ZO=YA6*GK;G2946^P$%Y+N?S
M+U'.9V.]E]WL[EK-DDWU8MH.[;_Y17Q]
V
W8E5WK][;][FNZ3[73@3[/WPG


E,AR&:U6W9YY[<L9=7ZJ-8[E%NE?UT!=6V@J!M:/Z9#U!O0_.]



'6NJM^=V.0\_;YP+?BO5[37P

YK



M/FX?KC[KEHG:D+.VB6J\TZ\2 )H7__D?@\.C[W:)_3AV5B9#P@U:GPC^AV@;


&NX##O%I\&T+
$4@8
M;W_%GH 8E^P$5O@6&WQ-4=+[X+-:N5] \QZBN!X C3K^BRU

5M7


.;NIHFYN]*8NQO$



F%T
M8L(T)D

M4(3MBS9;_YR[_(\5VT/ZCS6[4^58\3.*7+P]?XWV2CI[D8O57]88].?YWJ5Q



MN!KL_@
  


MB3=@HDBP
VWE[
MI\W-E=8WY+Z3RLZRUKGUT61BJY9WS+[4:ZZ@IM&F8PY.S?7$K@UGM6TY=YV<
M%-/IX:1C0F7OWF[O=6$FX8EVO')*RCT!=\$O[./]?Z4
&APRR_9U2R;9H3U
M3I\(Z;B9



MF 2/

=GV;8)8:HF
$!&$3(Z)MEQR]0U
MMT0HLG*ZNFD#R 



1B\M

 ?CJHJ'8(XE_SQQ]E]RR I]%#


MX3!#%&
:8B\=IHHBL2I^9^&]7)@=BL1V0&??43HN


)65B

[)0=X^V&
\3$'%
F=DR


M

0&5J 6T(XP@NS[^2H8*$F)B RM2[5/LP3WK7&TZ^

34)E80 CFDE=A+J*8@&AB





#)4#;=


WG%$\
MW ]G3I;K1=$MUU)




$
M%     @ P(B54!E[T@[! 0  =AT  !

MS=G+;L(P$ 707T'95L3X4?H0L&F[;9':'W3@40DL64;G]?)TE(BI1 =+=
M$))Q9FZ=3:
/C:6?&]=5XT?)T4(]I$QGQ54:Y\:2TVLS(RK=8BG;LZLSA9Z
M3DP
!D.6F290$_JA[9%
1L\TT\LJ])ZVU]O6XT1;6Y69#J5IV*K)#YKV=PU3


;P8:1JKGK4++_F(U&Z=G/*3
MAL?6U_MAOXQ;=-^/O??HF?=X;RW?KD< B2'!



M2P$% ,4     # B)50'R// \     3 @  P              @ $
M7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 
4     # B)50)^B'#H(   Q    $

O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 



BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     # B)50[-I]

M=#




&UL4$L! A0#%
M  @ P(B54;9[CFP 0  T@

M:&5E='



MT@


YX
M;6Q02P$% 

4



M A0#%     @ P(B54'8&:X2U 0  T@
  !D              ( !A2T  'AL


M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 



PW  !X;]W;W)K




BYX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     # B)50\I!90MT!   !!0  &0              @ 'E.P



  &0/   9


M%     @ P(B54'K/7+HJ @  B 8  !D              ( !%T@  'AL+W=O




4     # B)50YFXDP/(   E#   &0

R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (
M 


U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 


M:&5E=#
X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 



M

!  #@!   &0

(
ME5

4


M4$L! A0#%     @ P(B54'8_#!8Q
   *=P  !0              ( !HGD




MP(B54!E[T@[! 0  =AT  !
              ( !E+(  %M#;VYT96YT7U1Y

 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherReconcilingItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TimingOfTransferOfGoodOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_TransferredAtPointInTimeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=TOFB_MarchThirtyOneTwoThousandTwentyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_TOFB_StockOptionsExpiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=TOFB_JuneNineTwoThousandTwentyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_TOFB_StockOptionsExpiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=TOFB_TwoThousandFourteenEquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_TOFB_AccountsPayableRelatedToOperatingLeases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_TOFB_ProvisionForBadDebtsAndSalesPromotions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_TOFB_ProvisionForInventoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_TOFB_DeferredTaxAssetProvision'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_TOFB_ChangeInUnrecognizedTaxPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInContractWithCustomerLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_TOFB_CashPaidForAmountsInMeasurementOfOperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationLikelihoodOfUnfavorableSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_TOFB_FreightCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=TOFB_StockEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=TOFB_ConvertibleNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=TOFB_SupplierOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=TOFB_AnotherSupplierMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_TOFB_IncreaseDueToReservesAndTaxPositionsRelatedToPriorYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_AmericasMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=TOFB_AsiaPacificAndAfricaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_MiddleEastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=TOFB_DavidMintzMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=TOFB_DavidMintzMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_TOFB_ScheduleOfRouLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=TOFB_DavidMintzMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=TOFB_DavidMintzMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=TOFB_AutoLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableToBank'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_TOFB_NumberOfInstallments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFrequencyOfPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_TOFB_PeriodicPaymentOnNotePayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=TOFB_PromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=TOFB_CheesesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=TOFB_FrozenDessertsandFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

