

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-18-002405
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		164
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180220
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001320695
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				202311383
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32504
		FILM NUMBER:		18623114
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 SPRING ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7084831300
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 SPRING ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523











ths-10k_20171231.htm







 D.C. 20549











 2017











 Inc.



























 Suite 600








 IL 

















 including area code (708) 483-1300


























 $.01 par value









 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Yes 


 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Yes 

 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Yes 

 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part&#160;III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.

 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer&#8221;
 &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.























































 2017
 based on the $81.69 per share closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on such date
 was approximately $4
585.0 million. Shares of common stock held by executive officers and directors of the registrant have been excluded from this calculation because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates.

 2018 was 56
476
562.


 2018 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.















































































































































































































































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



















































































































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance





















































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence










































































































































































































































 Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;1933 Act&#8221;) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;1934 Act&#8221;). The words &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;estimate&#8221;
 &#8220;project&#8221;
 &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;foresee
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;would
&#8221; &#8220;could&#8221; or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements
 which are generally not historical in nature. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on us. These forward-looking statements and other information are based on our beliefs as well as assumptions made by us using information currently available. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are subject to certain risks
 uncertainties and assumptions. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect
 actual results may vary materially from those described herein as anticipated
 believed
 estimated
 expected or intended. We are making investors aware that such forward-looking statements
 because they relate to future events
 are by their very nature subject to many important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. Such factors include
 but are not limited to: our level of indebtedness and related obligations; disruptions in the financial markets; interest rates; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; customer consolidation; raw material and commodity costs; competition; integration of the Private Brands acquisition and our ability to continue to make acquisitions in accordance with our business strategy or effectively manage the growth from acquisitions; changes and developments affecting our industry
 including customer preferences; the outcome of litigation and regulatory proceedings to which we may be a party; product recalls; changes in laws and regulations applicable to us; disruptions in or failures of our information technology systems; and labor strikes or work stoppages and other risks that are described Part I
 Item 1A &#8211; 

 which speak only as of the date that such statements are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise.















 &#8220;us&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221;
 &#8220;Company&#8221;
 and &#8220;TreeHouse&#8221; refer to TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries unless the context specifically states or implies otherwise.


 Canada
 and Italy servicing primarily retail grocery and food away from home customers. We manufacture a variety of shelf stable
 refrigerated
 fresh
 and frozen products. We have a comprehensive offering of packaging formats and flavor profiles
 and we also offer natural
 organic
 and preservative-free ingredients in many categories. 


 2005 by Dean Foods Company to accomplish a spin-off of certain specialty businesses to its shareholders
 which was completed on June 27
 2005. Since the Company began operating as an independent entity
 it has expanded its product offerings through a number of strategic and bolt-on acquisitions. 









private label products to retailers
 such as supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 and specialty retailers
 for resale under the retailers&#8217; own or controlled labels










private label and branded products to the foodservice industry
 including foodservice distributors and national restaurant operators










branded products under our own proprietary brands
 primarily on a regional basis to retailers










branded products under co-pack agreements to other major branded companies for their distributions
 and












 the Company completed changes in its organizational structure that resulted in a change in how the Company manages its business and allocates resources. Our reportable segments are now organized and managed by products: Baked Goods
 Beverages
 Condiments
 Meals
 and Snacks. Previously
 our reportable segments were organized and managed by customer channels: North American Retail Grocery
 Food Away From Home
 and Industrial and Export. All prior period information has been recast to reflect this change.


 and the product categories that make up each segment
 are as follows:












 2017
 the Company announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to sell its canned soup and infant feeding (&#8220;SIF&#8221;) business. The SIF business is based in Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania and produced private label condensed and ready-to-serve soup
 baby food
 and gravies for the Meals segment. The transaction closed on May 22
 2017 and final working capital adjustments were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017.


 2016
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding common stock of Ralcorp Holdings
 Inc.
 the corporation through which the private brands business of ConAgra Foods
 Inc. (&#8220;Private Brands Business&#8221;) was operated. The Private Brands Business is a leading manufacturer of private label refrigerated and shelf stable products in the bars
 bakery
 cereal
 condiments
 pasta
 and snacks categories. Ralcorp Holdings
 Inc. was renamed TreeHouse Private Brands
 Inc. during the first quarter of 2016.


 LLC (&#8220;Bay Valley&#8221;)
 Sturm
 S.T. Foods
 Cains
 Associated Brands
 Inc. (&#8220;Associated Brands U.S.&#8221;)
 Protenergy Natural Foods
 Inc. (&#8220;Protenergy U.S.&#8221;)
 Flagstone Foods (&#8220;Flagstone&#8221;)
 TreeHouse Private Brands
 Inc.
 American Italian Pasta Company
 Nutcracker Brands
 Inc.
 Linette Quality Chocolates
 Inc.
 Ralcorp Frozen Bakery Products
 Inc.
 Cottage Bakery
 Inc.
 and The Carriage House Companies
 Inc. in the United States
 E.D. Smith
 Associated Brands
 Inc. (&#8220;Associated Brands Canada&#8221;)
 Protenergy Natural Foods Corporation (&#8220;Protenergy Canada&#8221;)
 BFG Canada Ltd.
 and Western Waffles Corp in Canada
 and Pasta Lensi in Italy. Bay Valley is a Delaware limited liability company
 and a 100% owned subsidiary of TreeHouse. All operating units are directly or indirectly 100% owned subsidiaries of Bay Valley.




 including grocery retailers
 foodservice distributors
 and industrial and export
 which includes food manufacturers and repackagers of foodservice products. We have an internal sales force that manages customer relationships and a broker network for sales to retail
 foodservice
 and export accounts. Industrial food products are generally sold directly to customers without the use of a broker. Most of our customers purchase products from us either by purchase order or pursuant to contracts that generally are terminable at will.


 or from warehouse distribution centers where products are consolidated for shipment to customers if an order includes products manufactured in more than one production facility or product category. We believe this consolidation of products enables us to improve customer service by offering our customers a single order
 invoice
 and shipment. Some customers also pick up their orders at our production facilities or distribution centers.


 including the leading grocery retailers and foodservice operators in the United States and Canada
 and also a variety of customers that purchase bulk products for industrial food applications. We currently supply more than 200 retail food customers in North America
 including over 50 of the 75 largest non-convenience food retailers. 




 2017
 our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 60.6% of our consolidated net sales. For the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 our largest customer
 Walmart Stores
 Inc. and its affiliates
 accounted for approximately 22.0%
 18.7%
 and 20.7%
 respectively
 of our consolidated net sales. Costco accounted for approximately 10.3% of consolidated net sales in 2017
 with less than 10% in previous years.&#160;No other customer accounted for 10% or more of the Company&#8217;s consolidated net sales. Total trade receivables with Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates represented 21.8% and 18.6% of our total trade receivables as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Total trade receivables with Costco represented approximately 6.4% of our total trade receivables as of December 31
 2017. The Company had revenues from customers outside of the United States of approximately 8.8%
 8.7%
 and 11.9% of total consolidated net sales in 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively
 with 6.8%
 6.9%
 and 10.8% from Canada in 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively. Sales are determined based on the customer destination where the products are shipped.




 we produce to order. Sales order backlog is not material to our business.




 large branded companies presently manufacture
 or in the past have manufactured
 private label products. The industries in which we compete are expected to remain highly competitive for the foreseeable future. Our customers do not typically commit to buy predetermined amounts of products
 and many retailers utilize bidding procedures to select vendors.


 the principal competitive factors are product quality
 quality of service
 and price. For sales of products to foodservice
 industrial
 and export customers
 the principal competitive factors are price
 product quality
 specifications
 and reliability of service.


 product quality
 promotion
 and price. Some of our branded competitors have significantly greater resources and brand recognition than we do.


 together with a surge of specialty retailers who cater to consumers looking for either the highest quality ingredients
 unique packaging
 products to satisfy particular dietary needs
 or value offerings where consumers are looking to maximize their food purchasing power
 create pressure on manufacturers to provide a full array of products to meet customer and consumer demand.


 which include providing superior product quality
 effective cost control
 an efficient supply chain
 successful innovation programs
 and competitive pricing
 allow us to compete effectively.





 we do not consider any trademark to be of such material importance that its absence would cause a material disruption of our business. No trademark is material to any one segment.


 Nalley
 Peter Piper
 
 
 Hoffman House
 Roddenbery&#8217;s Northwoods
 Saucemaker
 a
 
 and 
 Anthony&#8217;s
 Luxury
 Ronco
 Mueller&#8217;s
 trademark.&#160;Additionally
 certain mayonnaise
 dressings
 and sauces are sold under the 







 particularly the fourth quarter
 with a more pronounced impact on profitability. As our product portfolio has grown
 we have shifted to a higher percentage of cold weather products. Products that show a higher level of seasonality include non-dairy powdered creamer
 coffee
 specialty teas
 cappuccinos
 hot cereal
 saltine and entertainment crackers
 in-store bakery items
 refrigerated dough products
 and certain pasta products
 all of which generally have higher sales in the first and fourth quarters. Additionally
 sales of broth and snack nuts are generally higher in the fourth quarter. Warmer weather products such as dressings
 pickles
 and condiments typically have higher sales in the second quarter
 while drink mixes generally show higher sales in the second and third quarters. As a result of our product portfolio and the related seasonality
 our financing needs are generally highest in the second and third quarters due to inventory builds
 while cash flow is highest in the fourth and first quarters following the seasonality of our sales








 cheese
 cocoa
 coconut oil
 coffee
 corn and corn syrup
 cucumbers
 eggs
 fruit
 non-fat dry milk
 nuts (almonds
 cashews
 peanuts
 and pecans)
 oats
 palm oil
 peppers
 processed meats
 rice
 soybean oil
 sugar
 tea
 tomatoes
 and wheat (including durum wheat). These ingredients are generally purchased under supply contracts
 and we occasionally engage in forward buying when we determine such buying to be to our advantage. We believe these ingredients generally are available from a number of suppliers. The cost of raw materials used in our products may fluctuate due to weather conditions
 regulations
 fuel prices
 energy costs
 labor disputes
 transportation delays
 political unrest
 industry
 general U.S.
 and global economic conditions
 or other unforeseen circumstances. The most important packaging materials and supplies used in our operations are glass
 plastic
 corrugated containers
 linerboard cartons
 metal closures
 metal cans
 and composite cans. Most packaging materials are purchased under long-term supply contracts. We believe these packaging materials are generally available from a number of suppliers. Volatility in the cost of our raw materials and packaging supplies can adversely affect our performance
 as price changes often lag behind changes in costs
 and we are not always able to adjust our pricing to reflect changes in raw material and supply costs.

For additional discussion of the risks associated with the raw materials used in our operations
 see Part 1
 Item 1A &#8211; 




 section
 as our product portfolio has grown
 we have shifted to a higher percentage of cold weather products
 resulting in inventory builds in the second and third quarters
 as the Company prepares for the fall and winter months. As a result of our product portfolio and the related seasonality
 our financing needs are generally highest in the second and third quarters
 while cash flow is highest in the fourth and first quarters following the seasonality of our sales. 




 sample preparation
 plant trials
 ingredient evaluations
 packaging material assessments and approvals
 and other technology development and appraisals. These activities are focused on new product development
 improvement of existing products
 and packaging. Activities are conducted at centralized research and development facilities as well as most manufacturing facilities. Research and development expense totaled&nbsp;&nbsp;$30.8 million
million
 and $14.3 million in 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively
 and is included in the General and administrative line of the Consolidated Statements of Operations.




 2017
 our work force consisted of approximately 13
489 full-time employees
 with 11
466 in the United States
 1
924 in Canada
 and 99 in Italy.






 and the production
 distribution
 sale
 labeling
 safety
 transportation
 and use of our products
 are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal
 state
 and local governmental agencies in the United States
 as well as to foreign laws and regulations administered by government entities and agencies in markets where we operate. It is our policy to abide by the laws and regulations that apply to our businesses.


 air quality
 waste handling and disposal
 and other regulations intended to protect public health and the environment. We are committed to meeting all applicable environmental compliance requirements.


 and is not expected to have
 a material financial impact on our capital expenditures
 earnings
 or competitive position.


 2018


























 Chief Executive Officer and President.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Reed has served as Chief Executive Officer since January 2005 and as President since October 2017.












 Chief Financial Officer since December 2016.












 Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary since January 2005.












 Chief Strategy Officer since April 2017.












 Corporate Development since October 2006.












 Human Resources since May 2014.





We make available
 free of charge
 through the &#8220;Investor Relations&#8212;SEC Filings&#8221; link on our Internet website at 
 our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the 1934 Act
 as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. We use our Internet website
 through the &#8220;Investor Relations&#8221; link
 as a channel for routine distribution of important information
 including news releases
 analyst presentations
 and financial information. We are not
 however
 including the information contained on our website
 or information that may be accessed through links to our website
 as part of
 or incorporating such information by reference into
 this Form 10-K. Copies of any materials the Company files with the SEC can be obtained free of charge through the SEC&#8217;s website at 
 at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549
 or by calling the SEC&#8217;s Office of Investor Education and Assistance at 1-800-732-0330.












 the following risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect the Company&#8217;s business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 and cash flows. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company also may impair the Company&#8217;s business operations and financial condition.


 from time to time
 in the impairment of assets
 including goodwill and other intangible assets
 and we may not realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of this plan in the anticipated time frame or at all.


 2017
 the Company announced the TreeHouse 2020 restructuring plan
 which will be executed in multiple phases over the next several years. The plan targets a 300 basis point operating margin improvement by the end of 2020 through a comprehensive program of category and customer portfolio management
 as well as manufacturing and supply chain optimization. Phase 1 of TreeHouse 2020 consists of the closure of the Company&#8217;s Brooklyn Park
 Minnesota and Plymouth
 Indiana facilities as well as the downsizing of the Dothan
 Alabama facility. On January 31
 2018
 the Company announced its intention to fully close the Battle Creek
 Michigan facility. Partial closure of this facility was announced on November 3
 2016. On February 15. 2018 the Company announced its intention to close the Visalia
 California facility. TreeHouse 2020 could result
 from time to time
 in significant financial charges for the&#160;impairment&#160;of assets
 including goodwill and other intangible assets. The calculation of anticipated charges
 as well as cost savings and other benefits
 resulting from our corporate restructuring are based on estimates and assumptions which are subject to uncertainties.&#160;If any of our estimates or assumptions prove to be inaccurate
 we may incur greater than expected charges
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.


 such as financial or strategic difficulties
 delays and unexpected costs may occur that could result in our not realizing all or any of the anticipated benefits on our expected timetable or at all
 and there can be no assurance that any benefits we realize from these restructuring efforts will be sufficient to offset the restructuring charges and other costs that we expect to incur. If our restructuring measures are not successful
 we may need to undertake additional cost reduction efforts
 which could result in future charges. If we fail to realize the anticipated benefits from these measures
 our financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.

In addition
 we expect that our restructuring plan will require a substantial amount of management and operational resources. These and related demands on our resources may divert the Company&#8217;s attention from existing core businesses
perations and adversely affecting our relationships with suppliers and customers. As a result
 our financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows may be adversely affected.




 2017
 we had $2
574.6 million of outstanding indebtedness
 excluding $28.8 million of unamortized deferred financing costs
 a $498.8 million term loan (&#8220;Term Loan A&#8221;) maturing on January 31
 2025
 a $897.8 million term loan (&#8220;Term Loan A-1&#8221; and
 together with Term Loan A
 the &#8220;Term Loans&#8221;) maturing on February 1
 2023
 $400.0 million of 4.875% notes due March 15
 2022 (the &#8220;2022 Notes&#8221;)
 $775.0 million of 6.0% notes due February 15
 2024 (the &#8220;2024 Notes&#8221;)
 If new debt is added to our current debt levels
 the risks described herein would increase. The degree to which we are leveraged could have adverse consequences to us
 limiting management's choices in responding to business
 economic
 regulatory and other competitive conditions. In addition
 our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance
 which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial
 business
 legislative
 regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal
 premium
 if any
 and interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations
 we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures
 dispose of material assets or operations
 seek additional debt or equity capital
 or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures
 if necessary
 on commercially reasonable terms or at all and
 even if successful
 those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations.




 dislocations
 and liquidity disruptions that caused tightened access to capital markets and other sources of funding.&#160;Capital and credit markets and the U.S. and global economies could be affected by additional volatility or economic downturns in the future.&#160;Events affecting the credit markets could have an adverse effect on other financial markets in the United States
 which may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of 


 capital and credit markets
 or a slowdown in the general economy.&#160;Any of these risks could impair our ability to fund our operations or limit our ability to expand our business and could possibly increase our interest expense
 which could have a material 


 we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition described above.


 these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions
 and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. These restrictions also will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness.




 including restrictions on our ability to: incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem our capital stock; prepay
 redeem
 or repurchase certain subordinated debt; issue certain preferred stock or similar equity securities; make loans and investments; sell assets; incur liens; enter into transactions with affiliates; enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries&#8217; ability to pay dividends; and consolidate
 merge
 sell
 or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets.


 our Credit Agreement requires us to maintain a certain consolidated net leverage ratio tested on a quarterly basis. Our ability to meet these financial covenants can be affected by events beyond our control
 and we may be unable to meet the required ratio.


 an event of default under the Credit Agreement may permit our lenders to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under those facilities. In the event our lenders or noteholders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings
 we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. As a result of these restrictions
 we may be:
































 our financial results
 substantial indebtedness and credit ratings could materially adversely affect the availability and terms of our financing.




 2017
 the aggregate principal amount of our debt instruments with exposure to interest rate risk was approximately $1
396.5 million
 based on the outstanding debt balance of our Credit Agreement. As a result
 higher interest rates will increase the cost of servicing our financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk
 and could materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. In June 2016
 we entered into $500.0 million of long-term interest rate swap agreements to lock into a fixed LIBOR rate base
 beginning on January 31
 2017 and ending on February 28
 2020. As of December 31
 2017
 each one percentage point change in LIBOR rates would result in an approximate $9.0 million change in the annual cash interest expense
 before any principal payment
 on our financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk
 including the impact of the $500.0 million in interest rate swap agreements that were effective in 2017.




 the profitability of the foreign subsidiaries are subject to foreign currency transaction gains and losses that affect earnings. We manage the impact of foreign currency fluctuations related to raw material purchases using foreign currency contracts. We are also exposed to fluctuations in the value of our foreign currency investment in our Canadian 


subsidiaries
talian assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates. Accordingly
 and euro
 which may negatively impact the Company&#8217;s results of operations and financial position.




 and faces increased competition as a result of consolidation
 channel proliferation and the growth of online food retailers and new market participants. We face competition across our product lines from other companies that have varying abilities to withstand changes in market conditions. Some of our competitors have substantial financial
 marketing
 and other resources
 and competition with them in our various business segments and product lines could cause us to reduce prices
 increase capital
 marketing or other expenditures
 or lose sales
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Category sales and growth could also be adversely impacted if we are not successful in introducing new products.


 super center
 mass merchandiser
 or foodservice distributors
 until the next bidding process. Our sales volume may decrease significantly if our offer is too high and we lose the ability to sell products through these channels
 even temporarily. Alternatively
 we risk reducing our margins if our offer is successful but below our desired price point. Either of these outcomes may adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally
 competition can impact our ability to pass on increased costs or otherwise increase prices.


 we will need to evaluate whether our business methods and processes can be utilized or adopted in a manner that permits us to successfully serve these distribution channels. Our inability to offer competitive products to these customer segments could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.


 which may result in decreased demand for our products.


 quality demands
 eating habits
 and overall purchasing trends of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences. Consumer preferences change from time to time
 and our failure to anticipate
 identify
 or react to these changes could result in reduced demand for our products
 which would adversely affect our operating results and profitability.

we are dependent upon a limited number of customers
 the loss of a significant customer
 or consolidation of our customer base
 could adversely affect our operating results.


 consisting primarily of traditional grocery retailers
 mass merchandisers
 and foodservice operators. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 60.6% of our consolidated net sales. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 our largest customer
 Walmart Stores
 Inc. and its affiliates
No other customer accounted for 10% or more of the Company&#8217;s consolidated net sales. These customers typically do not enter into written contracts with fixed purchase commitments
 and the contracts that they do enter into generally are terminable at will. Our customers make purchase decisions based on a combination of price
 product quality
 and customer service performance. If our product sales to one or more of these customers decline
 this reduction may have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
 and financial condition.


 over the past several years
 the retail grocery and foodservice industries have experienced a consolidation trend
 which has resulted in mass merchandisers and non-traditional grocers
 such as ecommerce grocers with direct-to-consumer channels
 gaining market share. As our customer base continues to consolidate
 we expect competition to intensify as we compete for the business of fewer large customers. As this trend continues and such customers grow larger
 they may seek to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency
 lower pricing
 or increased promotional programs. If we are unable to use our scale
 product innovation
 and category leadership positions to respond to these demands
 our profitability or volume growth could be negatively impacted. Additionally
 if the surviving entity of a consolidation or similar transaction is not a current customer of the Company
 we may lose significant business once held with the acquired retailer. 

adverse effect on us. For example
 if our customers cannot access sufficient funds or financing
 then they may delay
 decrease
 or cancel purchases of our products
 or delay or fail to pay us for previous purchases.




 such as ingredients
 packaging materials
 and fuel costs
 could adversely affect earnings.


 packaging materials

 weather
 crop conditions
 transportation shortages and interruptions
 natural disasters
 sustainability issues or other catastrophic events. While individual input cost changes varied throughout the year
 with certain costs increasing and others decreasing
 input costs were in the aggregate unfavorable in 2017 compared to 2016. 


 wherever possible
 by locking in prices on quantities required to meet our production requirements. The price of oil has been particularly volatile recently and there can be no assurance that our hedging activities will result in the optimal price. In addition
 we attempt to offset the effect of such increases by raising prices to our customers. However
 changes in the prices of our products may lag behind changes in the costs of our materials. Competitive pressures may also limit our ability to quickly raise prices in response to increased raw materials
 packaging
 and fuel costs. Accordingly
 if we are unable to increase our prices to offset increasing raw material
 packaging
 and fuel costs
 our operating profits and margins could be materially affected. In addition
 in instances of declining input costs
 customers may look for price reductions in situations where we have locked into purchases at higher costs.




 the principal competitive factors are price
 product quality
 and quality of service. For sales of private label products to consumers
 the principal competitive factors are price and product quality. In many cases
 competitors with nationally branded products have a competitive advantage over private label products due to name recognition. In addition
 when branded competitors focus on price and promotion
 the environment for private label producers becomes more challenging because the price differential between private label products and branded products may become less significant.


 product quality
 promotion
 and price. Some of our branded competitors have significantly greater resources and brand recognition than we do.


 which may require us to lower prices
 increase the use of discounting or promotional programs
 or increase marketing expenditures
 each of which would adversely affect our margins and could result in a decrease in our operating results and profitability.




 2016. As a result of this acquisition
 the size of our business increased significantly. Our future success depends
 in part
 on our ability to manage this expanded business
 including completing its integration into our existing businesses. The integration process is a multi-year
 complex
 costly
 and time-consuming process. Any failure to manage our expanded business or to realize expected benefits of the acquisition could have an adverse effect on our financial condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows.


 if any
 which may have an adverse effect on our business.


 in large part
 on our acquisition of additional food manufacturing businesses
 products or processes. We may be unable to identify suitable targets
 opportunistic or otherwise
 for acquisition or make acquisitions at favorable prices. If we identify a suitable acquisition candidate
 our ability to successfully implement the acquisition would depend on a variety of factors
 including our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms.


 including those associated with integrating the operations
 financial reporting
 disparate technologies
 and personnel of acquired companies; managing geographically dispersed operations; the diversion of management&#8217;s attention from other business concerns; the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have either limited or no direct experience; unknown risks; and the potential loss of key employees
 customers
 and strategic partners of acquired companies. We may not successfully integrate businesses or technologies we acquire in the future and may not achieve anticipated revenue and cost benefits. Acquisitions may not be accretive to our earnings and may negatively impact our results of operations due to
 among other things
 the incurrence of debt
 one-time write-offs of goodwill
 and amortization expenses of other intangible assets. In addition
 future acquisitions could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities.




 adulterated
 contaminated
 or spoiled food products.


 which involves risks such as product contamination or spoilage
 misbranding
 product tampering
 and other adulteration of food products. Consumption of a misbranded
 adulterated
 contaminated
 or spoiled product may result in personal illness or injury. We could be subject to claims or lawsuits relating to an actual or alleged illness or injury
 and we could incur liabilities that are not insured or that exceed our insurance coverage. Even if product liability claims against us are not successful or fully pursued
 these claims could be costly and time consuming
 and may require management to spend time defending the claims rather than operating our business. A product that has been actually or allegedly misbranded or becomes adulterated could result in product withdrawals
 product recalls
 destruction of product inventory
 negative publicity
 temporary plant closings
 and substantial costs of compliance or remediation. Any of these events
 including a significant product liability judgment against us
 could result in a loss of confidence in our food products
 which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows.




 state
 local
 and foreign laws and regulations
 including those related to food safety
 food labeling
 and environmental matters. Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies
 healthcare costs
 energy usage
 international trade
 immigration
 and other labor issues
 all of which may have a direct or indirect effect on our business or those of our customers or suppliers. Changes in these laws or regulations
 or the introduction of new laws or regulations
 could increase the costs of doing business for the Company
 our customers
 or suppliers
 or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to be adversely affected.


 capital expenditures
 and other financial obligations for us. We use natural gas
 diesel fuel
 and electricity in the manufacturing and distribution of our products. Legislation or regulation affecting these inputs could materially affect our profitability. In addition
 climate change could affect our ability to procure needed commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience
 and may require us to make additional unplanned capital expenditures.


 on January 20
 2017
 Donald J. Trump was inaugurated as the president of the United States. As a presidential candidate
 President Trump expressed apprehension toward existing trade agreements
 such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (&#8220;NAFTA&#8221;). Any changes to NAFTA could impact our Canadian operations. Changes in U.S. political
 regulatory and economic conditions or laws and policies governing U.S. tax laws and foreign trade in countries where we or our customers operate
 in particular Canada and Italy
 could adversely affect our operating results and our business.




 2017
 President Trump signed into law new legislation that significantly revises the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. The newly enacted federal income tax law contains significant changes to corporate taxation
 including
 but not limited to
 a reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%
 limitation of the tax deduction for interest expense to 30% of adjusted earnings
 limitation of the deduction for net operating losses to 80% of current year taxable income in respect of net operating losses and elimination of net operating loss carrybacks
 one time taxation of offshore earnings at reduced rates regardless of whether they are repatriated
 elimination of U.S. tax on foreign earnings (subject to certain important exceptions)
 immediate deductions for certain new investments instead of deductions for depreciation expense over time
 and modifying or repealing many business deductions and credits. The changes are effective for tax years beginning after December 31
 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;Notwithstanding the favorable reduction in the corporate income tax rate
 further analysis is required to understand the full impact of the new federal tax law. In addition
 it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the newly enacted federal tax law. 


 hire or retain key employees or a highly skilled and diverse global workforce
 it could have an adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


 hire
 retain and develop key employees
 including our executive officers and senior management team
 and maintain a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. We compete to attract and hire highly skilled employees and our own employees are highly sought after by our competitors and other companies. Competition could cause us to lose talented employees
 and unplanned turnover could deplete our institutional knowledge and result in increased costs due to increased competition for employees.



ctober 29
 2017
 Robert B. Aiken
 Jr. resigned as President and Chief Operating Officer and Sam K. Reed
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
No assurance can be made
 however
ce with the business strategy approved by our Board of Directors. However
 if we are unable to hire a new Chief Executive Officer in a timely manner
 it may adversely impact our ability to execute on our strategic and operational plans.




 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 system failures
 security breaches
 cyber security attacks
 and viruses. If we are unable to prevent security breaches
 we may suffer business disruption
 theft of intellectual property
 trade secrets
 or customer information and unauthorized access to personnel
 customer
 or otherwise confidential information. Such unauthorized disclosure of information may lead to financial or reputational damage or penalties
 which could cause significant damage to our reputation
 affect our relationships with our customers
 or lead to claims against the Company or governmental investigations and proceedings
 any of which could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability and ultimately harm our business. To the extent that our business is interrupted or data is lost
 destroyed
 or inappropriately used or disclosed
 such disruptions could adversely affect our competitive position
 relationships with our customers
 financial condition
 operating results
 and cash flows. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business or cause us to incur additional legal fees and costs. In addition
 we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against the damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future.


 natural disasters
 and other events beyond our control could adversely affect our results of operations.


 climate changes
 and natural disasters such as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes
 hurricanes
 fires
 or pestilence
 may affect the cost and supply of commodities and raw materials. Additionally
 these events could result in reduced supplies of raw materials. Our competitors may be affected differently by weather conditions and natural disasters depending on the location of their suppliers and operations. Further
 changes in weather could impact consumer demand and our earnings may be affected by seasonal factors including the seasonality of our supplies and such changes in consumer demand. Damage or disruption to our production or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
 pandemic
 strikes
 or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Failure to take adequate steps to reduce the likelihood or mitigate the potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 particularly when a product is sourced from a single location
 could adversely affect our business and results of operations
 as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain.


 financial condition
 and results of operations. 


 move
 and sell products is critical to our success. We are subject to damage or disruption to raw material supplies or our manufacturing or distribution capabilities (in particular
 to the extent that our raw materials are sourced globally) due to weather
 including any potential effects of climate change
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
 adverse changes in political conditions or political unrest
 pandemic
 strikes
 import restrictions
 or other factors that could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products.&#160;Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations
 as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain.




 collective bargaining agreements cover a significant number of our full-time distribution
 production
 and maintenance employees. A dispute with a union or employees represented by a union could result in production interruptions caused by work stoppages. If a strike or work stoppage were to occur
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
















 the majority of which we own
 as shown below. We lease our principal executive offices in Oak Brook
 Illinois and other office space in Green Bay
 Wisconsin; Omaha
 Nebraska; Downers Grove
 Illinois; St. Louis
 Missouri; Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania; St. Paul
 Minnesota; and Winona
 Ontario
 Canada. We believe our owned and leased facilities are suitable for our operations and provide sufficient capacity to meet our requirements for the foreseeable future. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding restructuring and other margin improvement activities including facility closures. The following chart lists the location and principal products produced (by segment) at our production facilities at December 31
 2017:




























 Texas
















 Ontario
 Canada
















 British Columbia
 Canada (1)
















 Georgia
















 Minnesota
















 Ontario
 Canada
















 Pennsylvania
















 Ontario
 Canada
















 Pennsylvania
















 California
















 Wisconsin
















 Utah
















 Kentucky
















 Illinois
















 New York
















 California (5)
















 Pennsylvania
















 Maryland
















 British Columbia
 Canada
















 Wisconsin
















 Iowa
















 Illinois
















 Ontario
 Canada
















 Michigan
















 Kentucky




 mayonnaise
 preserves
 jams
 barbeque and other sauces












 Illinois
















 Georgia




 sauces
 and dips












 Massachusetts (1)




 dressings
 and sauces












 Illinois




 puddings
 and gravies












 North Carolina




 peppers
 relish
 and syrup












 Wisconsin




 peppers
 relish
 and sauces












 Pennsylvania
















 Indiana (3)




 peppers
 and relish












 Texas
















 Ontario
 Canada




 pie fillings
 and specialty sauces












 Michigan (2)
















 Minnesota (3)
















 Iowa
















 South Carolina
















 Missouri
















 Bergamo
 Italy
















 Wisconsin
















 Ohio
















 New York




 beverage enhancers
 dry dinners
 and dry soup












 Nevada
















 Arizona
















 Brescia
 Italy
















 California (1)




 fruit snacks












 Alabama (4)




 trail mix












 Texas




 trail mix












 Minnesota




 fruit snacks












 Minnesota
















 North Carolina























 (1) During 2016
(2) On November 3
 2016
is facility. On January 31
 2018
(3) On August 3
 2017
(4) On August 3
 2017
 the Company announced the planned downsizing of this facility. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.



 2018
 the Company announced the planned closure of this facility. 









 2016

 Inc.

 Case No. 1:16-cv-10632
 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against TreeHouse and certain of its officers. This complaint
 amended on March 24
 2017
 is purportedly brought on behalf of all purchasers of TreeHouse common stock from January 20
 2016 through and including November 2
 2016
 asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder and seeks
 among other things
 damages and costs and expenses. On December 22
 2016


 Case No. 2016-CH-16359
 in the Circuit Court of Cook County
 Illinois
 against TreeHouse and certain of its officers. This complaint
 purportedly brought derivatively on behalf of TreeHouse
 asserts state law claims against certain officers for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 and corporate waste. On February 7
 2017
 another purported TreeHouse shareholder filed an action captioned 
 Case No. 17-cv-01014
 in the Northern District of Illinois
 against TreeHouse and certain of its officers. This complaint
 like 
 is purportedly brought derivatively on behalf of TreeHouse
 and it asserts state law claims against certain officers for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 abuse of control
 gross mismanagement
 and corporate waste.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 now contains additional detail). Essentially
 the complaints allege that TreeHouse
 under the authority and control of the individual defendants: (i) made certain false and misleading statements regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 operations
 and future prospects; and (ii) failed to disclose that (a) the Company&#8217;s private label business was underperforming; (b) the Company&#8217;s Flagstone business was underperforming; (c) the Company&#8217;s acquisition strategy was underperforming; (d) the Company had overstated its full-year 2016 guidance; and (e) TreeHouse&#8217;s statements lacked reasonable basis. The complaints allege that these actions artificially inflated the market price of TreeHouse common stock during the class period
 thus purportedly harming investors. We believe that these claims are without merit and intend to defend against them vigorously.

Public Employees&#8217; Retirement Systems of Mississippi v. TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.

 defendants have filed a motion to dismiss
matter is set for March 8
 2018. 

 due to the similarity of the complaints
is April 27
 2018.&nbsp;&nbsp;There is no set status date in 

On October 29
 2017
 Mr. Robert Aiken resigned as the Company&#8217;s President and Chief Operating Officer. On December 1
 2017
 Mr. Aiken filed a demand for arbitration under his employment agreement.&nbsp;&nbsp;Shortly thereafter
 the Company filed a counterclaim in arbitration against Mr. Aiken.&nbsp;&nbsp;At this time
 no dates have been set for the arbitration and fact discovery has yet to commence.


 we are party to a variety of legal proceedings arising out of the conduct of our business. While the results of proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty
 management believes that the final outcome of these proceedings will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements
 results of operations
 or cash flows.





















Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



































































































































































































 2018
 there were 2
368 shareholders of record of our common stock.

 for the foreseeable future
 we will retain any earnings for the development of our business. Accordingly
 no dividends are expected to be declared or paid on the common stock. The declaration of dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors (&#8220;Board of Directors&#8221;).




 2017
 the Company announced that the Board of Directors adopted a stock repurchase program. The stock repurchase program authorizes the Company to repurchase up to $400 million of the Company&#8217;s common stock at any time
 or from time to time. Any repurchases under the program may be made by means of open market transactions
 negotiated block transactions
 or otherwise
 including pursuant to a repurchase plan administered in accordance with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;). The size and timing of any repurchases will depend on price
 market and business conditions
 and other factors. The Company is authorized to enter into an administrative repurchase plan for $50 million of the $400 million in the fourteen months following November 6
 2017. The Company plans to repurchase $50 million of shares through the plan and another $100 million opportunistically (total annual cap of $150 million). Any shares repurchased will be held as treasury stock.

 the average price paid per share

 and the approximate dollar value of the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the share&#160;repurchase&#160;program




















































 2017




































 2017









































































 2017
 the Company repurchased approximately 0.6 million shares of common stock for a total of $28.7 million.




 2012 through December 31
 2017. The graph and accompanying table compare the cumulative total stockholders&#8217; return on our common stock with the cumulative total return of the S&amp;P MidCap 400 Index
 Russell 2000 Index
 and the Peer Group Index. Our Current Peer Group includes the following companies based on the similar nature of their business to ours: General Mills
 Inc.; Kellogg Co.; Conagra Brands
 Inc.; Post Holdings
 Inc.; Campbell Soup Co.; McCormick &amp; Co.
 Inc.; JM Smucker Co.; Cott Corp.; Lancaster Colony Corp.; Flowers Foods
 Inc.; The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.; Snyder&#8217;s-Lance
 Inc.; J&amp;J Snack Foods Corp.; B&amp;G Foods
 Inc.; Farmer Bros. Co.; Dean Foods; and Pinnacle Foods
 Inc. The graph assumes an investment of $100 on December 31
 2012 in each of TreeHouse Foods&#8217; common stock
 the stocks comprising the S&amp;P MidCap 400 Index
 Russell 2000 Index
 and the Peer Group Index.
omparison of Cumulative Total Return of $100 among TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 S&amp;P MidCap 400 Index
 

 and the Peer Group Index
















































































 Inc.



















































































































































































































 2017:


































































































 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan






















































































































 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan.







 we have disregarded the restricted stock units and performance units for purposes of computing the weighted-average exercise price.










 2017. The selected financial data should be read in conjunction with Item 7
 and our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes.























































 except per share data)
























































307.1








175.1








206.4








946.1








293.9












223.1








049.7








562.1








339.5








818.4












084.0








125.4


























































































































































































































































 net


















































495.2








222.2






































































































































































































































































































 net






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































779.3








545.8








702.8








858.3








693.5






 excluding current portion






535.7








724.8








221.7








437.7












































































































263.3








503.3








854.9








759.3








273.1





































We are a consumer packaged food and beverage manufacturer operating over 50 facilities in the United States
 Canada
 and Italy that has a comprehensive offering of packaging formats and flavor profiles
 and we also offer natural
 organic
 and preservative-free ingredients in many categories. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of private label snack nuts
 trail mixes
 refrigerated dough
 crackers
 pickles
 salsa
 non-dairy powdered creamer
 ready-to-eat cereals
 bouillon
 and dry pasta in the United States
 the largest manufacturer of private label pretzels
 retail griddle items
 powdered drink mixes
 retail salad dressings
 macaroni and cheese dinners
&nbsp;&nbsp;and instant hot cereals in both the United States and Canada
 and the largest manufacturer of private label jams and pasta sauces in Canada
 based on volume. We also believe we are one of the largest manufacturers of private label in-store bakery products
 cookies
 pitas
 snack bars

 flavored syrup
 barbeque sauce
 preserves

 based on volume. 

 it is believed that nearly one in every five products sold in United States supermarkets is a private label product. Additionally
 it is expected that private label market share will increase approximately 8% versus branded competitors over the next ten years. This increase is expected to be driven by retailers increasingly emphasizing private label products as a differentiator and margin builder
 continued expansion of retailers which focus their business model on private label
 and the continued emergence of e-commerce.&nbsp;&nbsp;In 2017
 based on available industry data
 private label products sold in the retail grocery channel in the United States compete with branded products on the basis of equivalent quality at a lower price. Based on available measured channel data
 these private label products comprise the following approximate market share percentages of all products in their respective categories:













 As grocery retailers become more demanding of their private label food product suppliers
 they have come to expect strategic insight
 product innovation
 customer service
 and logistical economies of scale similar to those of our branded competitors. To this end
 we are continually developing
 investing in
 and expanding our private label food product offerings and capabilities in these areas. We have invested in research and development
 product and packaging innovation
 category management
 information technology systems
 and other capabilities. We believe that these investments enable us to provide a broad and growing array of private label food products that generally meet or exceed the value and quality of branded competitors that have comparable sales
 marketing
 innovation
 and category management support. We believe that we are well positioned to expand our sales with grocery retailers given our differentiated capabilities
 breadth of product offerings
 and geographic reach.








Leverage cross-selling opportunities across customers
 sales channels
 We are a leading manufacturer of private label food products in the United States across many categories
 as described above. However
 we believe we still have significant potential for growth with grocery retailers and food service distributors that we currently serve in a limited manner
 or that do not carry all of the products we offer. We believe that certain customers view our size and scale as an advantage over smaller private label food product producers
 many of whom provide only a single category or service to a single customer or geography. Our ability to service customers across North America and across a wider spectrum of products and capabilities provides many opportunities for cross-selling to customers who seek to reduce the number of private label food product suppliers they utilize. 








 We believe we can drive growth and profitability through relentless focus on strategic customers and sub-categories.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each customer and sub-category plays a role within our portfolio that guides resourcing and investment decisions.&nbsp;&nbsp;By focusing on areas of our business where we believe we have a competitive advantage and are in-line with consumer trends
 while simultaneously simplifying other parts of our business
 we can realize the full potential of our product offering. 








 As mentioned above
 quality is an important factor in the value equation; however
 price also plays a significant role.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe it is important to leverage our scale to continuously drive out unnecessary cost from our value chain.&nbsp;&nbsp;We are in the process of transforming our manufacturing and distribution network to drive out cost
 create more agility to better serve emerging channels (e.g. ecommerce)
 and ensure our products are always available at shelf.&nbsp;&nbsp;TreeHouse 2020 is a transformational initiative with the goal to improve our on-going operating profit and margin structure. 








The U.S. retail food industry is quickly evolving driven by a redefinition of &#8220;convenience&#8221; by consumers.&nbsp;&nbsp;According to Nielsen
 the total amount of money consumers spend on food is growing; however
 traditional grocers are getting less share.&nbsp;&nbsp;Traditional channel parameters are blurring between retailers and restaurants with the emergence of the &#8220;grocerant
&#8221; subscription meal kits
 pure play e-grocery
 and digital meal order and delivery.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe this disruption will provide an opportunity for us to position our product portfolio to meet the needs of emerging channel thereby growing our share of meal and snacking occasions.&nbsp;&nbsp;We offer a variety of innovative products and flavor profiles in a comprehensive offering of packaging formats that include natural
 organic
 and preservative free ingredients
 that we believe meet the &#8220;good
 better
 and best&#8221; needs of both traditional grocers and emerging channels. 

 changes in financial condition
 and results of operations for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015. This should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to those Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.
 for a discussion of the uncertainties
 risks
 and assumptions associated with these statements.



 consumer spending continues to remain challenged. Specifically
report
 total retail food sales across the industry decreased (0.2)% in 2017 compared to the same period last year as volume declines (1.9%) were mostly offset by price increases of 1.7%. Branded products continue to be the hardest hit as volumes were (2.9)% lower in 2017 compared to 2016 with favorable pricing offsetting 2.2% of the decline. Comparatively
 private label food volumes increased 


0.2% year-over-year with a corresponding 2.0% increase in pricing
 resulting in sales growth of 2.2%. As such
e private label industry volumes combined with pricing actions similar to branded counterparts drove favorable sales growth in private label versus branded business. For the first time since 2014
 private label food sales outperformed branded food. This re


 certain retail sectors are experiencing growth as consumers continue to shift their consumptions trends towards a focus on premium
 better for you
 natural
 and organic foods (collectively referred to as &#8220;PBFY&#8221;). PBFY foods include items such as fresh or freshly prepared foods
 foods with premium ingredients
 natural
 organic
 clean label
 or specialty foods
 most of which are located in the perimeter of the store. Recent data shows that these product offerings are expected to be the primary growth area for both branded and private label products
 and that growth in private label is expected to drive the overall growth in these product categories. The Company is seeing similar growth in these labels as our PBFY labels (excluding snack nuts and coffee) showed 5.0% and 4.7% volume and sales growth
 respectively. These trends are prompting companies to increase or adjust their offerings
 while retaining their commitment to provide products at reasonable prices. In an effort to respond to shifting consumer demand
 the Company offers an increasing variety of PBFY products
 currently offering PBFY products in 26 of our categories. Our mix of these offerings increased from 19.2% of net sales in 2016 to 20.8% in 2017
 demonstrating our focus on these growing labels.




 2017
 the Company announced the TreeHouse 2020 program

 transformation of our mixing centers and warehouse footprint

Specifically
 we are targeting to improve our operating margin structure by approximately 300 basis points by the end of 2020. In the short-term
 while we continue to execute on these margin improvement initiatives we 
The key elements of Phase 1 include the closure of the Company&#8217;s Brooklyn Park
 Minnesota and Plymouth
 Indiana facilities
 as well as the downsizing of the Dothan
 Alabama facility.&#160;&#160;Production at the Brooklyn Park
 Minnesota and Plymouth
 Indiana facilities ceased in the fourth quarter of 2017.&#160;&#160;The facility downsizing at Dothan
In addition
 we have taken steps toward increasing our capacity utilization
 operational margin expansion
 and streamlining our plant structure to optimize our supply chain.

 2018
 the Company announced its intention to close its remaining operations in Battle Creek Michigan. In November 2016
 the Company announced its initial decision to downsize the Battle Creek facility. Following completion of the first phase of downsizing
 it was determined that the remaining operations would not be economically viable. Current production at Battle Creek will be moved to other cereal manufacturing facilities. The decision is consistent with the August 2017 announcement of TreeHouse 2020. The costs to close the remainder of the Battle Creek facility are expected to be approximately $15.2 million
 of which approximately $8.8 million is expected to be in cash. Components of the charges include non-cash asset write-offs of approximately $6.4 million
 employee-related costs of approximately $2.4 million
 and other closure costs of approximately $6.4 million. 
On February 15
 2018
 the Company announced the planned closure of its Visalia
 California facility by the end of the first quarter of 2019. The plant primarily produces pretzels and cereal snack mixes for the Baked Goods segment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Current pretzel production will be moved to other TreeHouse manufacturing facilities prior to the plant closure.&nbsp;&nbsp;The decision is consistent with the August 2017 announcement of TreeHouse 2020. The costs to close the Visalia facility are expected to be approximately $21 million
 of which approximately $8 million is expected to be in cash. Components of the charges include non-cash asset write-offs of approximately $13 million
 employee-related costs of approximately $3 million
 and other closure costs of approximately $5 million.



 2017
 the Company announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to sell its canned soup and infant feeding (&#8220;SIF&#8221;) business. The SIF business was based in Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania and produced private label condensed and ready-to-serve soup
 baby food
 and gravies for the Meals segment. The transaction closed on May 22
 2017 and working capital adjustments were&nbsp;&nbsp;finalized in the fourth quarter of 2017.




 the Company completed changes in our organizational structure to fully align the structure in the way the business operates and better position the Company for success.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our reportable segments are now organized and managed by products:&nbsp;&nbsp;Baked Goods
 Beverages
 Condiments
 Meals
 and Snacks.&nbsp;&nbsp;Previously
 our reportable segments were organized and managed by customer channels:&nbsp;&nbsp;North American Retail Grocery
 Food Away From Home
 and Industrial and Export.&nbsp;&nbsp;This change aligns the Company&#8217;s reportable segments with the way the business is structured and managed. 




 2017
 the Company announced that the Board of Directors adopted a stock repurchase program. The stock repurchase program authorizes the Company to repurchase up to $400 million of the Company&#8217;s common stock at any time
 or from time to time. Any repurchases under the program may be made by means of open market transactions
 negotiated block transactions
 or otherwise
 including pursuant to a repurchase plan administered in accordance with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;). The size and timing of any repurchases will depend on price
 market and business conditions
 and other factors. The Company is authorized to enter into an administrative repurchase plan for $50 million of the $400 million in the fourteen months following November 6
 2017. The Company plans to repurchase $50 million of shares through the plan and another $100 million opportunistically (total annual cap of $150 million). Any shares repurchased will be held as treasury stock.

 2017
 the Company repurchased approximately 0.6 million shares of common stock for a total of $28.7 million.




 including information presented as a percentage of consolidated net sales:































































































307.1
















175.1
















206.4




















223.1
















049.7
















562.1




















084.0














125.4
































































































































































































































































































 net


























































495.2
















222.2


































































































































































































































































































 net













































































































































































































































































Year Ended December 31
 2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31
 2016

 &#8211; Consolidated net sales increased 2.1% to $6
307.1 million for the year ended December 31
 2017
 compared to $6
175.1 million for the year ended December 31
 2016. The change in net sales from 2016 to 2017 was due to the following:






































175.1
























































































































307.1














 partially offset by the divestiture of the SIF business in the second quarter of 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;Favorable volume/mix in the Beverages
 Condiments
 and Baked Goods segments contributed to the increase in net sales
 partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in Snacks and Meals. Included in net sales was a $5.4 million product recall reimbursement
 compared to a $9.9 million cost in 2016
 that contributed an increase of 0.2% to net sales year-over-year.

&#160;&#8212; Cost of sales as a percentage of consolidated net sales increased to 82.8% in 2017 from 81.8% in the prior year. Included in cost of sales in 2017 was $46.3 million related to restructuring and other margin improvement activities compared to $7.9 million in 2016 and $3.0 million of product recall reimbursement in 2017 compared to expense of $5.7 million in 2016. Also included in cost of sales was $8.4 million of acquisition
 integration
 divestiture
 and related costs in 2016 that did not repeat in 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;These transactions
 coupled with the product recall reimbursement outlined above in net sales
 increased cost of sales as a percentage of net sales by 0.6% in 2017 and 0.5% in 2016. The remaining 0.9% increase in cost of sales as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to higher operating costs
 higher commodity costs
 and unfavorable mix
 partially offset by a reduction in variable incentive compensation and depreciation.

&#160;&#8212; Operating expenses increased to $1
495.2 million in 2017 compared to $1
222.2 million in 2016. The increase in 2017 resulted from the following:


 or (0.6)%
 in 2017 compared to 2016. Selling and distribution expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased to 6.4% in 2017
 compared to 6.6% in 2016. The decrease was primarily related to a reduction in variable incentive compensation and cost savings in 2017
 partially offset by unfavorable freight rates.


 or (11.8)%
 in 2017 compared to 2016. This decrease is primarily related to lower acquisition
 integration
 divestiture
 and related costs in 2017. In 2016
 the&nbsp;&nbsp;Company incurred approximately $51.5 million of acquisition
 integration
 divestiture
 and related costs primarily related to the Private Brands Business acquisition
 compared to $15.8 million in 2017 including debt refinancing costs. Excluding the impact of acquisition
 integration
 divestiture
 and related costs and debt refinancing costs
 general and administrative expenses declined (1.5)% year-over-year as a reduction in variable incentive compensation and cost savings more than offset an additional month of Private Brands business.


 primarily due to the amortization of intangible assets from&nbsp;&nbsp;an additional month of the Private Brands Business. 



increase was primarily due to a loss on the divestiture of the SIF business
 higher costs associated with restructuring and other margin improvement activities that were announced in recent quarters with respect to the TreeHouse 2020 margin improvement plan
 and various plant closures. See Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding restructuring and margin improvement activities.
million
million from 2016
 due to higher average






The Company&#8217;s foreign currency impact was a $5.0 million gain in 2017
 compared to a gain of $5.6 million in 2016
 primarily due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates between the U.S. and Canadian dollar during the respective periods.


million in 2017
 compared to income of $10.8 million in 2016. This balance was due to the non-cash mark-to-market adjustments on derivative contracts
 primarily interest rate swap agreements and commodity contracts.

Income tax benefit was recorded at an effective rate of 45.4% in 2017 compared to (17.0)% in 2016. The Company&#8217;s effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate primarily due to state tax expense
 an intercompany financing structure entered into in conjunction with the E.D. Smith Foods
 Ltd. (&#8220;E.D. Smith&#8221;) acquisition in 2007
 the benefit related to the recognition of foreign tax credits
 the impairment of goodwill that is not deductible for tax purposes
 and a benefit due to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.

 enacted tax legislation
 state income taxes
 settlement of tax audits
 and the expiration of the statute of limitations in relation to unrecognized tax benefits.


 2017 Compared to Year Ended December 31
 2016 &#8212; Results by Segment














































































403.9
















288.2




















108.0
















011.5




















































































 general
 and administrative








































































 or 9.0%
 for the year ended December 31
 2017 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2016 to 2017 was due to the following:






































288.2




































































































403.9














 dough
 and griddle categories)
 partially offset by unfavorable pricing mostly from competitive pressure.


 primarily due to higher operating costs&nbsp;&nbsp;partially offset by lower commodity costs (flour
 sugar
 and eggs).

million in 2017 compared to $80.6 million in 2016
 an increase of $8.5 million. The increase is primarily associated with the additional month of Private Brands Business in 2017. Freight and commissions as a percentage of net sales was flat year-over-year.


















































































073.4








































































































































 general
 and administrative








































































 or 10.3%
 for the year ended December 31
 2017 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2016 to 2017 was due to the following:






















































































































073.4














 primarily in the single serve beverage
 broth
 non-dairy creamer
 and tea categories
 partially offset by unfavorable pricing due to competitive pressure and lower sales due to the sale of a part of the Tetra re-cart broth business associated with the divestiture of the SIF business in the second quarter of 2017.





million in 2017 from $23.4 million in 2016
 due to cost savings.














































































300.6
















258.1




















082.4
















021.7






















































































 general
 and administrative







































































million
 or 3.4%
 for the year ended December 31
 2017 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2016 to 2017 was due to the following:








































258.1




































































































300.6














 favorable volume/mix from increased distribution (predominantly in the pickles and dressings categories)
 and favorable pricing and foreign currency.



 cucumbers
 peppers
 and packaging.




 primarily due to cost savings.














































































189.2
















335.2




































107.4






















































































 general
 and administrative







































































million
 or 10.9%
 for the year ended December 31
 2017 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2016 to 2017 was due to the following:






































335.2
















































































189.2














 unfavorable volume/mix (predominantly in the cereal and pasta categories)
 and unfavorable pricing related to commodity-based price reductions and competitive pressure
&nbsp;&nbsp;partially offset by an additional month of Private Brands Business in 2017.



 commodity
 and operating costs.




 general
 and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales was flat in 2017 compared to 2016.
















































































334.5
















330.5




















253.8
















209.8






















































































 general
 and administrative







































































million
 or 0.3%
 for the year ended December 31
 2017 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2016 to 2017 was due to the following:






































330.5
















































































334.5













primarily due to an additional month of Private Brands Business in 2017 and favorable pricing
 partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix from weak consumer trends in 2017 compared to the prior year and the exit of low margin co-pack business.


 primarily due to the impact of higher commodity costs (mostly in cashews)
 an unfavorable shift in sales mix
 and higher operating costs
 partially offset by costs associated with a quality issue in 2016 that did not recur in 2017.




 2016 Compared to Year Ended December 31
 2015
&#160;&#8212; Net sales increased 92.6% to $6
175.1 million for the year ended December 31
 2016
 compared to $3
206.4 million
 for the year ended December 31
 2015. The change in net sales from 2015 to 2016 was due to the following:






































206.4
















































































996.0








































175.1














 partially offset by unfavorable pricing and foreign exchange. During the second quarter of 2016
 the Company announced a recall of certain products that impacted net sales by $9.9 million
 which was not allocated to the segments.



 margin products from the recent acquisition
-over-year impact of unfavorable foreign exchange
 increased variable incentive compensation
 and approximately $5.7 million of costs related to the product recall
 which more than offset the impact of largely favorable input costs.

 &#8212; Operating expenses increased to $1
222.2 million in 2016 compared to $404.6 million in 2015. The increase in 2016 resulted from the following:


 or 124.2%
 in 2016 compared to 2015
 primarily due to $227.6 million of incremental costs from the recent acquisition. Before considering the impact of the Private Brands Business
 selling and distribution expenses were slightly favorable
 as additional investments in the sales force and higher variable incentive compensation were more than offset by favorable freight rates.


 of which $102.9 million pertained to continuing costs of the acquired business. Also contributing to the increase was $51.5 million of acquisition and integration costs in 2016 compared to $10.5 million in the prior year. The remaining increase of $35.0 million was due to approximately $16.5 million in higher incentive compensation compared to the prior year
 the general growth of the business
 and duplicative costs as a result of the Private Brands Business. In the prior year
 the Company reduced incentive compensation due to operating results.




 primarily due to the amortization of intangible assets from the acquisition.


 California; Ayer
 Massachusetts; Azusa
 California; Delta
 British Columbia (frozen griddle); and Ripon
 Wisconsin facilities as well as the downsizing of the Battle Creek
 Michigan facility. See Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding restructurings.

 &#8212; Interest expense in 2016 was $119.2 million
 an increase of $73.7 million from 2015
 due to higher debt levels and higher interest rates from financing the Private Brands acquisition.

&#8212; Interest income of $4.2 million includes $2.2 million of interest income related to annual patronage refunds pertaining to Term Loan A. The patronage refund represents our participation in a capital plan related to our Term Loan A and is an annual payment based on a percentage of our average daily loan balance. The remaining $2.0 million in interest income pertains to cash held by our Canadian subsidiaries and gains on investments
 as discussed in Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

 &#8212; The Company&#8217;s foreign currency impact was a $5.6 million gain in 2016
 compared to a loss of $26.1 million in 2015
 primarily due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates between the U.S. and Canadian dollar during the respective periods.



 compared to income of $0.1 million in 2015. This balance was due to the non-cash mark-to-market adjustments on derivative contracts
 primarily interest rate swap agreements and commodity contracts
 offset by the write-off of the indemnification asset discussed below.

 &#8212; Income tax expense was recorded at an effective rate of (17.0)% in 2016 compared to 32.9% in 2015. During 2016
 the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate was favorably impacted by the reversal of $2.9 million of tax reserve assumed in prior acquisitions. The Company also recognized $2.9 million of non-operating expense for the write-off of the related indemnification assets
 which is included in Other income
 net. The Company also early adopted Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2016-09
 resulting in the recognition of $4.3 million of excess tax benefits related to share-based payments. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the adoption of ASU 2016-09.


 the benefits associated with the federal domestic production activities deduction
 an intercompany financing structure entered into in conjunction with the E.D. Smith Foods
 Ltd. (&#8220;E.D. Smith&#8221;) acquisition in 2007
 and goodwill impairment.




 enacted tax legislation
 state income taxes
 settlement of tax audits
 and the expiration of the statute of limitations in relation to unrecognized tax benefits.


 2016 Compared to Year Ended December 31
 2015 &#8212; Results by Segment














































































288.2




































011.5






































































































 general
 and administrative








































































 2016. As such
 the Company did not have the associated Baked Goods business in 2015. The changes net sales
 cost of sales
 freight out and commissions
 and direct selling
 general
 and administrative expenses from 2015 to 2016 was due entirely to the acquisition.
























































































































































































































 general
 and administrative








































































 or 5.9%
 for the year ended December 31
 2016 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2015 to 2016 was due to the following:




































































































































 partially offset by unfavorable pricing from competitive pressure and unfavorable Canadian foreign exchange.&nbsp;&nbsp;The volume/mix increases were primarily in the broth and single serve beverages categories.

 to 69.3% in 2016 primarily due to lower operating costs and favorable mix.



Direct selling
 general
 and administrative expenses were $2














































































258.1
















075.5




















021.7






































































































 general
 and








































































million
 or 17.0%
 for the year ended December 31
 2016 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2015 to 2016 was due to the following:






































075.5




































































































258.1














 partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix and unfavorable Canadian foreign exchange. Lower volume/mix in the aseptic
 jams
 and other sauces categories was partially offset by favorable volume/mix in pickles.

 partially offset by favorable commodity costs (eggs
 dairy
 and soy bean oil). 


 general
million in 2016 compared to $20.5 million in 2015. Direct selling
 general
 and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 0.4% primarily due to the build out of the management structure.
















































































335.2




































107.4






































































































 general
 and administrative







































































million
 or 141.5%
 for the year ended December 31
 2016 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2015 to 2016 was due to the following:


































































































335.2














 partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix. Volume/mix declined
 primarily
 in the soup
 infant feeding
 and hot cereal categories.



 general
million in 2016 compared to $13.2 million in 2015. The slight increase in direct selling
 general
 and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales was due to the build-out of the new management structure.














































































330.5




































209.8






































































































 general
 and administrative









































































million
 or 101.8%
 for the year ended December 31
 2016 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2015 to 2016 was due to the following:






















































































































330.5














 partially offset by unfavorable pricing and volume/mix. Unfavorable volume/mix was primarily in the snack nuts category due to competitive pressure.

 higher operating costs
 and the inclusion of lower margin business from the Private Brands acquisition.


 general
million in 2016 compared to $16.2 million in 2015. This increase was primarily related to the Private Brands acquisition. Direct selling
 general
 and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased due to cost savings.


 ingredients
 packaging materials
 fuel
 and energy have been volatile in recent years and future changes in such costs may cause our results of operations and our operating margins to fluctuate significantly. We expect these costs to continue to be volatile with an overall long-term upward trend. We manage the impact of cost increases
 wherever possible
 on commercially reasonable terms
 by locking in prices on the quantities required to meet our production requirements. In addition
 we offset the effect of increased costs by raising prices to our customers. However
 for competitive reasons
 we may not be able to pass along the full effect of increases in raw materials and other input costs as we incur them. Additionally
 the Company expects to incur additional costs related to compliance with the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act.

 during 2017
 overall retail food volume in measured channels contracted by approximately 1.9%
 with branded manufacturers experiencing contraction of 2.9% and private label manufacturers experiencing a gain 0.2%. This contraction is in contradiction to a strong economy as well as lower oil and fuel prices. Recent data shows that food away from home outlets have shown positive same store growth trends
 with quick serve restaurants improving faster than traditional restaurants.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company expects that overall tonnage will continue to be challenged
 with pockets of growth in areas such as PBFY products.&nbsp;&nbsp;This expectation is based on reports that indicate an increased focus on clean ingredients and labels

 consumers appear to be more interested in foods described as being &#8220;better for you
&#8221; which include fresh or freshly prepared foods
 and natural
 organic
 or specialty foods
developing new formulations
 packaging
 and sizes.


 the U.S. dollar has been strong compared to the Canadian dollar
 resulting in higher input costs for Canadian produced products
 as many of the inputs are sourced in the United States. After a strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the Canadian dollar on average throughout 2017 and 2016
 the U.S. dollar began to weaken comparatively at the end of 2017. The Company enters hedging arrangements to limit the impact of these fluctuations. In addition to higher input costs
 the Company is impacted by the re-measurement of the Canadian dollar denominated intercompany loans and the translation of the Canadian dollar financial statements.




 such as those offering a limited assortment of products
 gaining market share. As our customer base continues to consolidate
 we expect competition to intensify as we compete for the business of fewer
 large customers. Additionally
 the introduction of e-commerce grocers brings new opportunities and risks. There can be no assurance that we will be able to keep our existing customers
 or gain new customers. As the consolidation of the retail grocery and foodservice industry continues
 we could lose sales and profits if any one or more of our existing customers were to be sold or if limited assortment stores reduce the variety of products that we sell.


 our future growth depends
 in part
 on our ability to streamline and simplify our operations and product offerings. The Company feels well positioned to take advantage of the shift to &#8220;premium&#8221; and &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products and believes the future growth of the industry lies in these offerings.


Management assesses the Company&#8217;s liquidity in terms of its ability to generate cash to fund its operating
 investing
cial position
 with resources available for reinvesting in existing businesses
 conducting acquisitions
 and managing its capital structure on a short and long-term basis. If additional borrowings are needed
pproximately $716.0 million was available under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31
 2017. See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our Revolving Credit Facility. We believe that
 given our cash flow from operating activities and our available credit capacity
 we comply with the current terms of the Revolving Credit Facility and can meet foreseeable financial requirements.
























































































































831.3




























377.7















 an increase of $27.4 million. The increase is mostly attributable to improved cash flows from working capital management as the Company entered into an agreement (the &#8220;Receivables Sales Agreement&#8221;) to sell
 on a revolving basis

 while reducing the cost of borrowing on the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below under &#8220;Sources of Capital&#8221;)
 net working capital
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 we sold $74.6&#160;million
ash provided by operating activities to pay down debt and fund investments in property
 plant
 and equipment.



 cash used in investing activities primarily consisted of capital expenditures. Cash used in investing activities decreased by $2.7 billion compared to 2016
 due to the acquisition of the Private Brands Business in the first quarter of 2016. 

 quality
 routine equipment upgrades or replacements at our plants
 and TreeHouse 2020 activities including productivity improvements
 simplification
 and continued implementation of an Enterprise Resource Planning system.







 2016
 consistent with our objective of using available cash to pay down outstanding debt. The cash used in 2016 was related to the Company funding the acquisition of the Private Brands Business primarily through the issuance of common stock
 the 2024 Notes
 and Term Loan A-2 in the first quarter.


 investing
 and financing classifications included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 we also measure free cash flow (a Non-GAAP measure) which represents net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures.&#160;&#160;We believe free cash flow is an important measure of operating performance because it provides management and investors a measure of cash generated from operations that is available for mandatory payment obligations and investment opportunities such as funding acquisitions
 repaying debt
 and repurchasing our common stock.

 the most comparable GAAP measure:






































































































































 $3.8 million
 and $2.0 million in 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively
 to its pension plans
 and expects to make contributions of approximately $1.5 million in 2018.

 2017
 there was $49.4 million of cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries. The Tax Act imposes a one-time transition tax on cumulative foreign earnings and eliminates U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiary distributions.&nbsp;&nbsp;As earnings in foreign jurisdictions are now available for distribution to the U.S. without incremental U.S. taxes
 the Company no longer considers these earnings as permanently reinvested outside the U.S.



 particularly the fourth quarter
 with a more pronounced impact on profitability. As our product portfolio has grown
 we have shifted to a higher percentage of cold weather products. Products that show a higher level of seasonality include non-dairy powdered creamer
 coffee
 specialty teas
 cappuccinos
 hot cereal
 saltine and entertainment crackers
 in-store bakery items
 refrigerated dough products
 and certain pasta products
 all of which generally have higher sales in the first and fourth quarters. Additionally
 sales of broth and snack nuts are generally higher in the fourth quarter. Warmer weather products such as dressings
 pickles
 and condiments typically have higher sales in the second quarter
 while drink mixes generally show higher sales in the second and third quarters. As a result of our product portfolio and the related seasonality
 our financing needs are generally highest in the second and third quarters due to inventory builds
 while cash flow is highest in the fourth and first quarters following the seasonality of our sales
























































































































005.8








































































574.6








824.5






 2017
 the Company entered into the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Credit Agreement&#8221;)
 which amends
 restates

 dated as of February 1
 2016 (as amended from time to time prior to February 1
 2016
 the &#8220;Prior Credit Agreement&#8221;). As amended
Credit Agreement (1)&#160;extended the maturity dates of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1
 (2) resized the Revolver from $900 million to $750 million
 (3) consolidated three term loans into two
 (4) tightened pricing
 and (5) modified the fee structure on the Revolving Credit Facility to now calculate based on the unused portion of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility rather than the total commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility. 


 $5.2 million in fees will be amortized ratably through January 31
 2025 and $13.6 million of fees will be amortized ratably through February 1
 2023. Fees associated with Term Loan A and Term Loan A-1 (the &#8220;Term Loans&#8221;) are presented as a direct deduction from outstanding debt
 while fees associated with the Revolving Credit Facility are presented as an asset. Fees expensed related to the Prior Credit Agreement totaled $3.3 million in 2017.

 2017 was 2.976%.
 &#8212; As of December 31
 2017
 $716.0 million of the aggregate commitment of $750 million of the Revolving Credit Facility was available. Under the Credit Agreement
 the Revolving Credit Facility matures on February 1
 2023. In addition
 as of December 31
 2017
 there were $34.0 million in letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility that were issued but undrawn
 which have been included as a reduction to the calculation of available credit.&#160;

 if earlier
 at the end of the applicable interest period in arrears on any outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. The interest rates applicable to the Revolving Credit Facility are based upon the Company&#8217;s consolidated net leverage ratio or the Company&#8217;s Corporate Credit Rating
 whichever results in lower pricing
 and are determined by either (i) LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.20% to 1.60%
 or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.20% to 0.60%. The unused fee on the Revolving Credit Facility is also based on the Company&#8217;s consolidated net leverage ratio or the Company&#8217;s Corporate Credit Rating
 whichever results in lower pricing
 and accrues at a rate ranging from 0.20% to 0.30%.

 as well as jointly and severally
 guaranteed by our 100% owned direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries: Bay Valley Foods
 LLC; Sturm Foods
 Inc.; S.T. Specialty Foods
 Inc.; Associated Brands
 Inc.; Cains Foods
 Inc.; Cains Foods L.P.; Cains GP
 LLC; Flagstone Foods
 Inc.
 Protenergy Holdings
 Inc.; Protenergy Natural Foods
 Inc.; TreeHouse Private Brands
 Inc. (formerly Ralcorp Holdings
 Inc.); American Italian Pasta Company.; Nutcracker Brands
 Inc.; Linette Quality Chocolates
 Inc.; Ralcorp Frozen Bakery Products
 Inc.; Cottage Bakery
 Inc.; The Carriage House Companies
 Inc. and certain other domestic subsidiaries that may become guarantors in the future
 which are collectively known as the &#8220;Guarantor Subsidiaries.&#8221; The Credit Agreement contains financial and restrictive covenants and requires that the Company maintain a consolidated net leverage ratio of no greater that 4.0 to 1.0 (or no greater than 4.5 to 1.0 for a measurement period that includes a fiscal quarter in which the Company entered into a permitted acquisition). The Credit Agreement also contains cross-default provisions which could result in the acceleration of payments in the event TreeHouse or the Guarantor Subsidiaries (i) fails to make a payment when due in respect of any indebtedness or guarantee having an aggregate principal amount greater than $75.0 million or (ii) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition related to such indebtedness or guarantee as a result of which the holder(s) of such debt are permitted to accelerate the payment of such debt.


 &#8212; On December 1
 2017
 the Company entered into a $500 million term loan
nd extended the Company&#8217;s existing term A loan. The maturity date is January 31
 2025. The interest rates applicable to Term Loan A are based upon the Company&#8217;s consolidated net leverage ratio or the Company&#8217;s Corporate Credit Rating
lower pricing
 and are determined by either (i) LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.675% to 2.075%
 or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement)
are due on a quarterly basis and interest is payable quarterly or
 if earlier
ing Credit Facility
 and also has the same Guarantor Subsidiaries. As of December 31
 2017
 $498.8 million was outstanding under Term Loan A.
 &#8212; On December 1
 2017
 the Company entered into a $900 million term loan which amended and extended the Company&#8217;s existing tranche A-1 and tranche A-2 term loans. The maturity date is February 1
 2023. The interest rates applicable to Term Loan A-1 are the same as those applicable to the Revolving Credit Facility (other than
 for the avoidance of doubt
 the unused fee). Principal amortization payments are due on a quarter basis and interest is payable quarterly or
 if earlier
 at the end of the applicable interest period in arrears on any outstanding borrowings under Term Loan A-1. Term Loan A-1 is subject to substantially the same covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 and has the same Guarantor Subsidiaries. As of December 31
 2017
 $897.8 million was outstanding under Term Loan A-1.
 &#8212; On December 1
 2017
 Term Loan A-2 was paid off as part the Credit Agreement utilizing borrowings under Term Loan A and Term Loan A-1.
 &#8212; On March 11
 2014
 the Company completed its underwritten public offering of $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875% notes due March 15
 2022 (the &#8220;2022 Notes&#8221;). The net proceeds of $394.0 million ($400.0 million less underwriting discount of $6.0 million
 providing an effective interest rate of 4.99%) were used to extinguish the Company&#8217;s previously issued 7.75% notes due on March 1
 2018 (the &#8220;2018 Notes&#8221;). Interest is payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year. The 2022 Notes will mature on March 15
 2022.

 at the redemption prices as set forth in the indenture plus any accrued or unpaid interest to the applicable redemption date.&#160; Subject to certain limitations
 in the event of a change in control of the Company
 the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase the 2022 Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid interest up to the purchase date.&#160;&#160;
 &#8212; On January 29
 2016
 the Company completed an exempt offering under Rule 144A and Regulation S of the Securities Act of $775 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.0% notes due February 15
 2024. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2024 Notes (approximately $760.7 million after deducting issuance costs
 providing an effective interest rate of 6.23%) were used to fund a portion of the purchase price of the Private Brands Business. Interest is payable on February 15 and August 15 of each year. The payments began on August 15
 2016. The 2024 Notes will mature on February 15
 2024.

 2019 at the applicable redemption prices described in the Indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest
 if any
 up to but not including the redemption date. In addition
 prior to February 15
 2019
 the Company may redeem all or a portion of the 2024 Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus the &#8220;make-whole&#8221; premium set forth in the Indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest
 if any
 up to but not including the redemption date. The Company may also redeem up to 40% of the 2024 Notes prior to February 15
 2019 with the net cash proceeds received from certain equity offerings at the redemption price set forth in the Indenture. In the event of certain change of control events
 as described in the Indenture
 the Company may be required to purchase the 2024 Notes from the holders at a purchase price of 101% of the principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest.&#160;

 the Guarantor Subsidiaries
The Indenture provides
 among other things
 that the 2022 Notes and 2024 Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Company&#8217;s payment obligations under the 2022 Notes and 2024 Notes are fully and unconditionally
 as well as jointly and severally
 guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor Subsidiaries
 in addition to any future domestic subsidiaries that guarantee or become borrowers under its credit agreement
 or guarantee certain other indebtedness incurred by the Company or its restricted subsidiaries. The Indenture was supplemented during the first quarter of 2016 to include the changes in Guarantor Subsidiaries noted above.

 without limitation
 defaults relating to the failure to pay at final maturity or the acceleration of certain other indebtedness). If an event of default occurs and is continuing
 the trustee under the Indenture or holders of at least 25% in principal amount of such notes may declare the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest
 if any
 on all such notes to be due and payable. The Indenture also contains restrictive covenants that
 among other things
 limit the ability of the Company and the Guarantor Subsidiaries to: (i) pay 


dividends or make other restricted payments
 (ii) make certain investments
 (iii) incur additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock
 (iv) create liens
s and payments to the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company)
 (vi) merge or consolidate with other entities or sell substantially all of its assets
 (vii) enter into transactions with affiliates
ansactions. The foregoing limitations are subject to exceptions as set forth in the Indenture. In addition
 if in the future
 the 2022 Notes or 2024 Notes have an investment grade credit rating by both Moody&#8217;s Investors Services
 Ratings Services
 certain of these covenants will
 thereafter
 no longer apply to the 2022 Notes or 2024 Notes for so long as the 2022 Notes or 2024 Notes are rated investment grade by the two rating agencies.


 2017:


















































































































031.9
























































































059.8




















































































































































































































































































































630.1








068.2
























366.3











Term Loan A includes an obligation of $498.8 million of principal outstanding as of December 31
 2017. Term Loan A matures on January 31
 2025. Term Loan A had interest at an average rate of 3.49% at December 31
 2017. (See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.)






Term Loan A-1 includes an obligation of $897.8 million of principal outstanding as of December 31
 2017. Term Loan A-1 matures on February 1
 2023. Term Loan A-1 had interest at an average rate of 3.01% at December 31
 2017. (See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.)






The 2022 Notes include an obligation of $400 million of principal. The 2022 Notes have an interest rate of 4.875% and mature on March 15
 2022. (See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.)






The 2024 Notes include an obligation of $775 million of principal. The 2024 Notes have an interest rate of 6.0% and mature on February 15
 2024. (See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.)













Purchasing obligations primarily represent commitments to purchase minimum quantities of raw materials used in our production processes. We enter into these contracts from time to time in an effort to ensure a sufficient supply of raw ingredients. In addition
 we have contractual obligations to purchase various services that are a part of our production process.







 the accompanying balance sheets do not reflect operating lease obligations. Operating lease obligations consist of minimum rental payments under non-cancelable operating leases.





















 2017. The timing of cash settlement
 if any
 cannot be reasonably estimated. The Company&#8217;s gross unrealized tax benefit included in the tabular reconciliation (see Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information) was $26.4 million.


 at December 31
 2017
 the Company had $34.0 million in letters of credit
 the majority of which related to the Company&#8217;s workers&#8217; compensation program
 and $2.7 million of cash restricted from use to meet certain insurance requirements (see Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information).




 other than operating leases and letters of credit
 which have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements.


 primarily related to employee health care
 workers&#8217; compensation claims
 and other casualty losses
 in addition to contingent liabilities related to ordinary course litigation
 investigations
 and tax audits.



 and require the most difficult
 subjective
 or complex judgments. In many cases
 the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP with no need for the application of our judgment. In certain circumstances
 however
 the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to use our judgment to make certain estimates and assumptions. These estimates affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period. We have identified the policies described below as our critical accounting policies. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed discussion of significant accounting policies.
&#8212; We maintain an allowance for customer promotional programs
 marketing co-op programs
 and other sales and marketing expenses. This allowance is based on a combination of historical rolling twelve month average program activity and specific customer program accruals
 and can fluctuate due to the level of sales and marketing programs
million and $57.7 million at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Pickle inventories are valued using the last-in
 first-out (&#8220;LIFO&#8221;) method and Flagstone inventories are valued using the weighted average costing approach
 while all of our other inventories are valued using the first-in
 first-out (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;) method. These valuations have been reduced by an allowance for obsolete and defective products and packaging materials. The estimated allowance is based on a review of inventories on hand compared to estimates of future demand
 changes in formulas and packaging materials
million and $39.3 million at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.
&#160;&#8212; Goodwill and intangible assets totaled $2
955.0 million as of December 31
 2017
 resulting primarily from acquisitions. Upon acquisition
 the purchase price is first allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities
 including but not limited to inventory
 accounts payable
 trademarks
 and customer-related intangible assets
 with any remaining purchase price recorded as goodwill. Goodwill and indefinite lived trademarks are not amortized. As of December 31
 2017
 goodwill has been allocated to the following reporting units:























 2017


















































































182.0







 2017. Our assessment resulted in non-cash goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges of $549.7 million
 which are included in the Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets line of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 a 


 reporting unit. Following these impairment charges
 we have five reporting units
 four of which contain goodwill totaling $2
million as of December 31
 2017.

 corroborated by a market approach. The Company believes the income approach is the most reliable indicator of the fair value of the reporting units. Significant assumptions used in the income approach include growth and discount rates
 margins

 which are unobservable

 with the weighted average of all discount rates approximating the total Company discount rate. Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and assessment of market and capital structure assumptions. Of the four reporting units with goodwill for which impairment charges were not recorded
 all have fair values that the Company considers to be substantially in excess of their carrying values (between 38% and 93%). Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating changes and to estimate future cash flows. Assumptions used
 such as forecasted growth rates and our cost of capital
 are consistent with our internal projections and operating plans. Changes in our estimates or any of our other assumptions used in our analysis could result in a different conclusion.

 which primarily include customer related and trademarks
 for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation of the undiscounted cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its fair value
 which is generally based on discounted future cash flows.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on our testing as of December 31
 2017

 which was included in the Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets line of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The impairment loss was determined using the excess earnings method. This approach utilizes projected cash flow estimates developed by the Company to determine fair value
 which are unobservable
 Level 3 inputs. Unobservable inputs are used to measure fair value to the extent that relevant observable inputs are not available. The Company developed our earnings estimates using the best information available at the time. No other impairments were identified related to finite lived intangibles.
&#160;&#8212; We allocate the purchase price of acquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. All identifiable assets acquired
 including identifiable intangible assets
 and liabilities assumed are assigned a portion of the purchase price of the acquired company equal to their fair values at the acquisition date. While each acquisition is different
 the Company typically identifies customer lists
 formulas
 and trade names as identifiable intangible assets
 with the majority of value being allocated to customer lists. The excess of the purchase price of the acquired company over the sum of the amounts assigned to identifiable assets acquired
 less liabilities assumed
 is recorded as goodwill. We record the initial purchase price allocation based on an evaluation of information and estimates available at the date of the financial statements. As final information regarding fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is received and estimates are refined
 appropriate adjustments are made to the purchase price allocation. To the extent that such adjustments indicate that the fair value of assets and liabilities differ from their preliminary purchase price allocations
 such differences would adjust the amounts allocated to those assets and liabilities and would change the amounts allocated to goodwill. The final purchase price allocation includes the consideration of a number of factors to determine the fair values of individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 including quoted market prices
 forecasted future cash flows
 net realizable values
 estimates of the present value of required payments
 and determination of remaining useful lives.
&#160;&#8212; Deferred taxes are recognized for future tax effects of temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting using tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. We periodically estimate our probable tax obligations using historical experience in tax jurisdictions and informed judgments. There are inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of tax regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. These judgments and estimates made at a point in time may change based on the outcome of tax audits and changes to
 or further interpretations of
 regulations. If such changes take place
 there is a risk that our tax rate may increase or decrease in any period
 which would impact our earnings. Future business results may affect deferred tax liabilities or the valuation of deferred tax assets over time.
&#160;&#8212; We retain selected levels of property and casualty risks
 primarily related to employee health care
 workers&#8217; compensation claims
 and other casualty losses. Many of these potential losses are covered under conventional insurance programs with third-party carriers having high deductible limits. In other areas
 we are self-insured with stop-loss coverage. Accrued liabilities for incurred but not reported losses related to these retained risks are calculated based upon loss development factors that contemplate a number of variables
 including claims history and expected trends. These loss development factors are based on industry factors and
 along with the estimated liabilities
 are developed by us in consultation with external insurance brokers and actuaries. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
million and $55.6 million
 respectively
 including both current and long-term liabilities. Changes in loss development factors
 claims history
 and cost trends could result in substantially different results in the future.


&#160;&#8212; We provide a range of benefits to our employees
retirees. We record annual amounts relating to these plans based on calculations specified by GAAP
 which include various actuarial assumptions
 such as discount rates
 assumed investment rates of return
 compensation increases
 employee turnover rates
d health care cost trend rates. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when appropriate. As required by GAAP
 the effect of the modifications is generally recorded 

 under our investment policy as written by our investment committee (the &#8220;Investment Committee&#8221;)
 target equities at 55% to 65% of the portfolio and fixed income at 35% to 45%. At December 31
 2017
 our master trust was invested as follows: equity securities of 60.6%; fixed income securities of 39.0%; and cash and cash equivalents of 0.4%.

 we consider the weighted-average return of a capital markets model and historical returns on comparable equity
 debt
 and other investments. The resulting weighted average expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is 6.0%.

 including assumed investment rates of return
 compensation increases
 employee turnover rates
 and mortality rates
 GAAP requires that our discount rate assumption be more heavily weighted to current market conditions. As such
 our discount rate will likely change more frequently. We used a discount rate to determine our estimated future benefit obligations of 3.7% at December 31
 2017. If the discount rate were one percent higher
 the pension plan liability would have been approximately 10.7%
 or $34.7 million
 lower as of December 31
 2017. If the discount rate were one percent lower
 the pension plan liability would have been approximately 13.0%
 or $42.3 million
 higher as of December 31
 2017.






 we provide a reconciliation between the non-GAAP measure and the most directly comparable GAAP measure
 an explanation of why management believes the non-GAAP measure provides useful information to financial statement users
 and any additional purposes for which management uses the non-GAAP measure. This non-GAAP financial information is provided as additional information for the financial statement users and is not in accordance with
 or an alternative to
 GAAP. These non-GAAP measures may be different from similar measures used by other companies.

 Adjusting for Certain Items Affecting Comparability

 in management&#8217;s judgment
 significantly affect the assessment of earnings results between periods. This information is provided in order to allow investors to make meaningful comparisons of the Company&#8217;s earnings performance between periods and to view the Company&#8217;s business from the same perspective as Company management. This measure is also used as a component of the Board of Director&#8217;s measurement of the Company&#8217;s performance for incentive compensation purposes. As the Company cannot predict the timing and amount of charges that include
 but are not limited to
 items such as acquisition
 integration
 divestiture
 and related costs
 mark-to-market adjustments on derivative contracts
 foreign currency exchange impact on the re-measurement of intercompany notes
 or restructuring and other margin improvement activities
 management does not consider these costs when evaluating the Company&#8217;s performance
 when making decisions regarding the allocation of resources
 in determining incentive compensation
 or in determining earnings estimates. 


The reconciliation of adjusted diluted EPS
items affecting comparability
 to the relevant GAAP measure of diluted EPS as presented in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 is as follows:









































































































 integration
 divestiture
 and related costs





















































































































































































































































































































 therefore
 all equity awards were considered non-dilutive and excluded from the EPS calculation.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 adjusted amounts reflect net income
 therefore
 equity awards are considered dilutive
 and an adjustment is required to reflect total dilutive shares of 57.6 million compared to basic shares of 57.1 million.






 2017 and 2016
 the Company entered into transactions that affected the year-over-year comparison of its financial results that included the following:

 the Company incurred $549.7 million of impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets.&nbsp;&nbsp;This amount is comprised of a $276.4 million non-cash impairment charge related to goodwill allocated to the Snacks reporting unit and a 

 integration
 divestiture
 and related costs line represents costs associated with completed and potential acquisitions
 the related integration of the acquisitions
 and divestitures. Costs incurred in 2017 primarily related to the divestiture of the SIF business and the continued integration of the Private Brands Business. Costs incurred in 2016 primarily related to the acquisition and integration of the Private Brands Business
 which was completed on February 1
 2016.

The Company&#8217;s restructuring and margin improvement activities are part of an enterprise-wide transformation to improve long-term profitability of the Company. Upon completion of our multi-year multi-phase programs
the TreeHouse 2020 margin improvement program
 restructuring
 facility consolidation
 and closures. See Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.


 the Company refinanced our credit facility including our revolver and related term loans. This activity resulted in the write-off of a portion of deferred financing costs as well as third party costs to complete the transactions.

 realized gains and losses are recognized and included in earnings.

 that were provided by a supplier. Product was distributed nationwide through retail stores. TreeHouse initiated the voluntary recall as a cautionary measure to protect public health. Costs in this line include
 but are not limited to
 customer fees
 customer reimbursements
 inventory write-offs
 and other costs to manage the recall. The Company expects to be reimbursed for these costs and has excluded any related gain from adjusted earnings for proceeds received in 2017. In February 2017 and August 2017
 the Company received $4.0 million reimbursements ($8.0 million combined) and has included it in this line. Other product recalls during 2017 and 2016 were insignificant.


The tax reform line represents the impact of The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#8220;Tax Act&#8217;) which was signed into law on December 22
l analysis of the impact of the Tax Act
 we have recorded a provisional net tax benefit of $104.2 million
 primarily attributable to adjustments to our net deferred tax liability
 partially offset with a one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repa


 Adjusting for Certain Items Affecting Comparability

 in management&#8217;s judgment
 significantly affect the assessment of earnings results between periods as outlined in the adjusted diluted EPS section above. This information is provided in order to allow investors to make meaningful comparisons of the Company&#8217;s earnings performance between periods and to view the Company&#8217;s business from the same perspective as Company management. This measure is also used as a component of the Board of Director&#8217;s measurement of the Company&#8217;s performance for incentive compensation purposes and is the basis of calculating the adjusted diluted EPS metric outlined above.

 interest income
 income tax expense
 depreciation and amortization expense
 and non-cash stock-based compensation expense. Adjusted EBITDAS is a performance measure commonly used by management to assess operating performance
 and the Company believes it is commonly reported and widely used by investors and other interested parties as a measure of a company&#8217;s operating performance between periods and as a component of our debt covenant calculations.

 the relevant GAAP measure
 to Adjusted net income and Adjusted EBITDAS for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016: 



















































































































 integration
 divesture
 and related costs























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 integration
 divestiture
 and related costs








































































 net












































































































































































































 net










































































































































































 net


































































































 integration
 divestiture
 and related costs








































 which is tied to variable market rates including LIBOR and prime interest rates.

 the Company entered into $500 million of long-term interest rate swap agreements to lock into a fixed LIBOR interest rate base. Under the terms of the agreements
 $500 million in variable-rate debt was swapped for a weighted average fixed interest rate base of approximately 0.86% for a period of 37 months
 beginning on January 31
 2017 and ending on February 28
 2020. The borrowing cost on the swapped principal will range from 2.26% to 2.76% during the life of the swap agreement based on the credit spreads under the Credit Agreement.

 other than the interest rate swap agreements discussed above
 which could expose us to significant interest rate market risk as of December 31
 2017. Based on our outstanding debt balance of $1
396.5 million under the Credit Agreement at December 31
 2017
 and excluding the impact of the $500 million in interest rate swap agreements that are effective in 2017
 each 1% rise in our interest rate would increase our annual interest expense by approximately $14.0 million ($9.0 million including the $500 million in interest rate swap agreements).




 we utilize derivative contracts
 the majority of which qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception and are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. To evaluate the market price risk of these contracts

million
 respectively. We do not utilize financial instruments for trading purposes.


 packaging materials
 fuel
 and energy have varied widely in recent years and future changes in such costs may cause our results of operations and our operating margins to fluctuate significantly. When comparing fiscal 2017 to 2016
 price decreases in almonds
 sugar
 eggs
 and durum were more than offset by price increases in cashews
 packaging (plastic containers and lids
 and corrugate)
 soybean oil
 coffee
 dairy
 and corn sweeteners. We expect the volatile nature of these costs to continue with an overall long-term upward trend.

 the majority of commodity forward contracts are not derivatives. Those that are derivatives generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception under the guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities and
 therefore
 are not subject to its provisions. For derivative commodity contracts that do not qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception
 the Company records their fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 with changes in value being recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
casein
 cheese
 cocoa
 coconut oil
 coffee
 corn and corn syrup
 cucumbers
 eggs
 fruit
 non-fat dry milk
 nuts (cashews
 peanuts
 pecans
 and almonds)
 oats
 palm oil
 peppers
 processed meats
 rice
 soybean oil
 sugar
 tea
 tomatoes

 and we occasionally engage in forward buying when we determine such buying to be to our advantage. When entering into contracts for input costs
 the Company generally seeks contract lengths between nine and twelve months. We believe these ingredients generally are available from a number of suppliers. The cost of raw materials used in our products may fluctuate due to weather conditions
 regulations
 industry and general U.S. and global economic conditions
 fuel prices
 energy costs
 labor disputes
 transportation delays
 political unrest
 or other unforeseen circumstances. The most important packaging materials and supplies used in our operations are composite cans
 corrugated containers
 glass
 linerboard cartons
 metal cans
 metal closures
 and plastics. Most packaging materials are purchased under long-term supply contracts. We believe these packaging materials are generally available from a number of suppliers. Volatility in the cost of our raw materials and packaging supplies can adversely affect our performance
 as price changes often lag behind changes in costs
 and we are not always able to adjust our pricing to reflect changes in raw material and supply costs.

 packaging
 fuel
 and energy costs. Accordingly
 if we are unable to increase our prices to offset increasing costs
 our operating profits and margins could be materially affected. In addition
 in instances of declining input costs
 customers may seek price reductions in situations where we are locked into pricing at higher costs.


 where the functional currency is the Canadian dollar and Euro
 respectively. Items that give rise to foreign exchange transaction gains and losses primarily include foreign denominated intercompany loans and input costs. The foreign exchange gain or loss on intercompany loans and foreign denominated working capital balances are recorded in the (Gain) loss on foreign currency exchange line of the Consolidated Statements of Operations where the Company recognized gains of $5.0 million and $5.6 million for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 and a loss of $26.1 million for the year ended December 31
 2015.

 resulting in higher costs when the U.S. dollar strengthens compared to the Canadian dollar. The Company estimates the impact on input costs (and Cost of sales) to be less than $2.0 million for each one cent change in the exchange rate between the U.S. and Canadian dollar.


anslation of the Company&#8217;s Canadian and Italian financial statements. The Company recognized translation gains of $32.2 million and $11.1 million for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
year ended December 31
 2015
 as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss.

 the U.S. dollar has been strong compared to the Canadian dollar. The Canadian dollar exposure to revenue is greater than the exposure to input costs for Canadian produced products. As such

 while the exchange rate at December 31
 2017 shows that the U.S. dollar weakened approximately 7.1% as compared to the rate at December 31
 2016.

 2017
 the Company had $27.0 million of U.S. dollar foreign currency contracts outstanding.





















Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2017 and 2016











Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015











Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015











Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015











Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015





























 Inc.


 Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders' equity
 and cash flows
 for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2017
 and the related notes and schedule listed in the Index at Item&#160;15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2017
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 20
 2018
 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.



 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 IL&#160;&#160;

 2018&#160;&#160;







TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC.


 except per share data)












































 except per share data)








































































 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $0.6 and $0.9




















 net


































































484.7








560.7






 plant
 and equipment
 net






294.4








359.3












182.0








447.2






 net














137.6






 net


























779.3








545.8


































































































535.7








724.8




















































516.0








042.5














































 par value $0.01 per share
 10.0 shares authorized
 none issued




















 par value $0.01 per share
 90.0 shares authorized
 56.6 and 56.8

 respectively














































107.0








071.9




















































263.3








503.3












779.3








545.8








TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC.


 except per share data)































































307.1








175.1








206.4












223.1








049.7








562.1












084.0








125.4


























































































































































 net


































495.2








222.2


























































































































































 net






















































































































































































































































































































TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC.













































































































































































































































































for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the amount was insignificant.



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC.








































































































































































































































 January 1
 2015






















177.3








































759.2






















































































































































































































































































































































 December 31
 2015






















207.2








































854.9
























































































































































































































































































































































































































 December 31
 2016






















071.9








































503.3






























































































































































































































































































































































































































 December 31
 2017






















107.0








































263.3








TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC.




































































































































































































































































































 net of effect of acquisitions:
















































































































 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities




















































































 plant
 and equipment
























































 less cash acquired














644.4












































































































































831.3
















































































































025.0
















































400.0
















































































































477.3
















































































































































































377.7






































































 beginning of year




























 end of year


































































































































































































































TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC.


 2017
 2016 and 2015







&#8212; The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and its 100% owned direct and indirect subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;TreeHouse
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;). All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Certain prior year amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.

 the Company completed changes in its organizational structure that resulted in a change in how the Company manages its business and allocates resources. As a result
 the Company revised its reportable segments to reflect how management currently reviews financial information and allocates resources. See Note 22 for additional details. All prior period amounts have been recast to reflect the change in reportable segments. &#160;

 2016
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding common stock of Ralcorp Holdings
 Inc.
 the Missouri corporation through which the private brands business of ConAgra Foods
 Inc. (&#8220;Private Brands Business&#8221;) was operated. Ralcorp Holdings
 Inc. was renamed TreeHouse Private Brands
 Inc. during the first quarter of 2016. The results of operations of the Private Brands Business are included in our financial statements from the date of acquisition and are included in the Baked Goods
 Condiments
 Meals
 and Snacks segments
 as applicable.

 which resulted in differences between the fiscal quarter ends of the Private Brands Business and the Company. In the fourth quarter of 2016
 the Company changed the fiscal year end of the Private Brands Business to December 31. This change in reporting period for the Private Brands Business represents a change in accounting principle that is preferable as it provides more timely and relevant financial information to the users of its financial statements and eliminates the previously existing difference in reporting periods. The Company determined that it was impracticable to retrospectively apply this change to the first three quarters of 2016 as the data to determine the cumulative effect of the change was not available and cannot be prepared. Therefore
 the Company reported the change in accounting principle prospectively in net income for the three months ended December 31
 2016 and did not retrospectively apply the effects of this change in prior periods
 the cumulative effect of which the Company believes would be immaterial in all periods.
&#160;&#8212; The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires management to use judgment to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements
 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates.
&#160;&#8212; We consider temporary cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
million and $61.9 million
 respectively
 represents cash and equivalents held in foreign jurisdictions
 in local currencies
 that are convertible into other currencies. The cash and equivalents held in foreign jurisdictions are expected to be used for general corporate purposes in foreign jurisdictions
 including capital projects and acquisitions. The Prepaid expenses and other current assets line on the Consolidated Balance Sheets also includes restricted cash of $2.7 million as of December 31
 2017
 which relates to cash held to meet certain insurance requirements.
&#160;&#8212; Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Pickle inventories are valued using the LIFO method and a portion of our snack nuts inventories are valued using the weighted average costing approach
 while all of our other inventories are valued using the FIFO method. The costs of finished goods inventories include raw materials
 labor
 and overhead costs.

 plant

 plant
 and equipment are stated at acquisition cost
 plus capitalized interest on borrowings during the actual construction period of major capital projects. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:








































 INC.


We perform impairment tests when circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Capitalized leases are amortized over the shorter of their lease term or their estimated useful lives
in depreciation expense. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
 which do not improve or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as incurred.

































































 if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Impairment is indicated when their book value exceeds fair value. If the fair value of an evaluated asset is less than its book value
 the asset is written down to fair value
 which is generally based on its discounted future cash flows.

 the asset is written down to its estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted future cash flows.

 if events or changes in circumstances require an interim assessment. We assess goodwill for impairment (as of December 31) at the reporting unit level using income and market approaches
 employing significant assumptions regarding growth
 discount rates
 and profitability at each reporting unit. Our estimates under the income approach are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. The market approach uses a market multiple methodology employing earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and amortization (&#8220;EBITDA&#8221;) and applies a range of multiples to those amounts in determining the indicated fair value. In determining the multiples used in this approach
 we obtain the multiples for selected peer companies using the most recent publically available information. In determining the indicated fair value of each reporting unit
 the Company concludes based on the income approach
 and uses the market approach to corroborate
 as the Company believes the income approach is the most reliable indicator of the fair value of the reporting units. The resulting value is then compared to the carrying value of each reporting unit to determine if impairment is necessary. 

&#160;&#8212; Sales are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 title and risk of loss transfer to the customer
 and there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales proceeds. Product is shipped FOB shipping point or FOB destination
 depending on our agreement with the customer. Sales are reduced by certain sales incentives
 some of which are recorded by estimating expense based on our historical experience.
&#160;&#8212; We provide credit terms to customers in-line with industry standards
 credit evaluations of our customers
 and maintain allowances for potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer balances are written off after all collection efforts are exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from sales at the time of shipment.
&#160;&#8212; The provision for income taxes includes federal
 foreign
 state
 and local income taxes currently payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the difference between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Deferred income tax expenses or credits are based on the changes in the asset or liability from period to period.&nbsp;&nbsp;We 



 INC.


n tax positions using a &#8220;more-likely-than-not&#8221; threshold.&nbsp;&nbsp;A tax benefit from an uncertain tax position is recognized if it is more-likely-than-not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
its of the position
 or the statute of limitations concerning such issues lapses.
&#160;&#8212; The functional currency of the Company&#8217;s foreign operations is the applicable local currency. The functional currency is translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts using currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date
 and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted-average exchange rate during the fiscal year. The translation adjustments are deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&#8217; equity in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Gains or losses resulting from transactions denominated in foreign currencies are included in Other income
 net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
&#160;&#8212; Our shipping and handling costs are included in both cost of sales and selling and distribution expense
 depending on the nature of such costs. Shipping and handling costs included in cost of sales reflect inventory warehouse costs
 product loading and handling costs
 and costs associated with transporting finished products from our manufacturing facilities to distribution warehouses. Shipping and handling costs included in selling and distribution expense consist primarily of the cost of shipping products to customers through third party carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a component of selling and distribution expense were approximately $220.8 million
million
 and $87.2 million for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively.
&#160;&#8212; From time to time
 we utilize derivative financial instruments including interest rate and commodity swaps
 foreign currency contracts
 and forward purchase contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate
 foreign currency
 and commodity price risks. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. The Company accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges according to GAAP must be adjusted to fair value through earnings. For derivative instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges
reclassified into earnings in the same period when the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective gain or loss is recognized in current earnings. Commodity forward contracts generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception under the guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities
 and therefore are not subject to its provisions. For further information about our derivative instruments
 see Note 20.
&#160;&#8212; Capital lease obligations represent machinery and equipment financing obligations
 which are generally payable in monthly installments of principal and interest
 and are collateralized by the related assets financed.
&#160;&#8212; We retain selected levels of property and casualty risks
 primarily related to employee health care
 workers&#8217; compensation claims
 and other casualty losses. Many of these potential losses are covered under conventional insurance programs with third party carriers having high deductible limits. In other areas
 we are self-insured with stop-loss coverage. Accrued liabilities for incurred but not reported losses related to these retained risks are calculated based upon loss development factors that consider a number of elements
 including claims history and expected trends. We develop these accruals with external insurance brokers and actuaries.
&#160;&#8212; We periodically record facility closing and reorganization charges when we have identified a facility for closure or other reorganization opportunity
 developed a plan
 and notified the affected employees. These charges are incurred as a component of operating (loss) income. See Note 3 for more information.
&#160;&#8212; We record research and development charges to expense as they are incurred and report them in the General and administrative expense line of our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Expenditures totaled $30.8 million
 $29.6 million
 and $14.3 million for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively.














 the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No 2016-09
. Under this ASU
 excess tax benefits and 



 INC.


ions
&nbsp;&nbsp;As the Company adopted the ASU in the fourth quarter of 2016
 for the impact of these income tax benefits on the first three quarters of 2016. Additionally
tax benefits of $4.3 million and&nbsp;&nbsp;$5.3&#160;million were retrospectively reclassified from financing to operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
change its accounting policy to account for forfeitures as they occur and
 as a result
 the Company will continue to estimate forfeitures. The effects of the adoption of the other provisions of this ASU were immaterial.&#160;


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16


 or disclose in the notes
 the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. This ASU is effective on a prospective basis for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2015. The Company adopted the ASU for the fiscal 2016 reporting period.


 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2015-11


 an entity is required to measure inventory at the lower of cost or market
 with market defined as replacement cost
 NRV
 or NRV less a normal profit margin. The three market measurements added complexity and reduced comparability in the valuation of inventory. FASB issued this ASU as part of its simplification initiative to address these issues.&#160;The ASU is effective on a prospective basis for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&#160;15
 2016. The Company prospectively adopted the ASU during the first quarter of 2017
 the impact of which was not significant.


 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2017-04
&#160;
 to eliminate the second step of the goodwill impairment test. This ASU requires an entity to measure a goodwill impairment loss as the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. Additionally
 an entity should include the income tax effects from any tax deductible goodwill on the carrying value of the reporting unit when measuring a goodwill impairment loss
 if applicable. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&#160;15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January&#160;1
 2017. The Company early adopted the ASU during the third quarter of 2017. The assessment and related impairment charge recorded in 2017 was computed under this guidance. See Note 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.




 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-12
 
 which simplifies hedge accounting by better aligning an entity&#8217;s financial reporting for hedging relationships with its risk management activities. The ASU also simplifies the application of the hedge accounting guidance. The new guidance is effective on January 1
 2019
 with early adoption permitted. For cash flow hedges existing at the adoption date
 the standard requires adoption on a modified retrospective basis with a cumulative-effect adjustment to the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of the beginning of the year of adoption. The amendments to presentation guidance and disclosure requirements are required to be adopted prospectively. The Company is currently assessing the impact and timing of adoption of this ASU.


 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2017-07
&#160;
 which revises how employers that sponsor defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans present net periodic benefit cost. The ASU requires an employer to present the service cost component in the same income statement line item or items as other compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent employees during the period. The other components of net benefit cost are required to be presented in the income statement separately from the service cost component and outside of any subtotal of operating income. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&#160;15
 2017. The standard requires adoption on a retrospective basis for the presentation of net benefit cost components. The Company does not expect this standard will have a significant impact upon adoption.




 INC.


In November 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18
 
g-of-period and end-of-period amounts on the statement of cash flows. The Company currently classifies changes in restricted cash as an investing activity in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
ods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15


 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period
 in which case adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes the interim period. The amendments in this ASU should be applied retrospectively. 


 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2016-02
&#160;
 to increase transparency and comparability by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The main difference between existing GAAP and this ASU is the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under existing GAAP. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&#160;15
 2018. The standard requires that entities apply the effects of these changes using a modified retrospective approach
 which includes a number of optional practical expedients. The adoption of this ASU will result in a significant increase to the Company&#8217;s Balance Sheets for lease liabilities and lease assets
 and the Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have upon adoption on its accounting policies
 processes
 system requirements
 internal controls
 and disclosures. The Company has established a project plan
 is in the process of completing an initial review of its lease contracts
 and is considering impacted policies and processes.


 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2014-09
&#160;
 which introduced a new framework to be used when recognizing revenue in an attempt to reduce complexity and increase comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions
 and capital markets. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&#160;15
 2017. The standard requires that entities apply the effects of these changes to all prior years presented
 upon adoption
 using either the full retrospective method
 which presents the impact of the change separately in each prior year presented
 or the modified retrospective method
 which includes the cumulative changes to all prior years presented in beginning retained earnings in the year of initial adoption. The Company expects to use the modified retrospective method. The FASB also issued ASU No.&#160;2016-10
&#160;
 and ASU No.&#160;2016-12

 in April 2016 and May 2016
 respectively
 which amend the guidance in ASU 2014-09 and have the same effective date as the original standard. The Company has finalized the impact that these standards will have on its accounting policies
 processes
 system requirements
 internal controls
 and disclosures. The Company has established a project plan
 completed an initial review of its customer contracts
 and is updating policies and procedures. Based upon implementation procedures
 the Company determined there will be no significant changes in its revenue recognition policies. Upon adoption
 the Company will reclassify approximately $56.9 million from accounts receivable to contract liabilities on the balance sheet.










 the projects are expected to deliver higher margin sales growth and reduced expenses resulting in margin expansion.
Expenses associated with these programs are primarily aggregated in the Other operating expense
 net line of the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
 with the exception of asset-related costs
 which are recorded in Cost of sales.&#160; The Company does not allocate restructuring and margin improvement activities costs to reportable segments when evaluating the performance of its segments.&#160;&#160;As a result
 restructuring&#160;and margin improvement activity&#160;costs by reportable segment have not been presented. See Note 22 for more information.





 INC.













&#160;2017







&#160;2016




































 net













































 the Company announced TreeHouse 2020
 a program intended to expand margins through optimization of our manufacturing network
 transformation of our mixing centers and warehouse footprint
 and leveraging of systems and processes to drive performance.&#160;&#160;TreeHouse 2020 is expected to produce significant savings to achieve our operating margin expansion targets creating reinvestment opportunities to drive future growth.

 Minnesota and Plymouth
 Indiana facilities
 as well as the downsizing of the Dothan
 Alabama facility.&#160;&#160;By the end of the fourth quarter of 2017
 we successfully transitioned production at the Brooklyn Park and Plymouth facilities.&#160;&#160;The facility downsizing at Dothan
 Alabama is expected to be complete in the third quarter of 2018.&#160;&#160;In the fourth quarter of 2017
 the company expanded its workstreams related to cost reduction and margin improvement activities and selling
 general
 and administrative reductions.&#160; These workstreams and the dedicated employees assigned to them are delivering value by increasing our capacity utilization
 expanding operating margins
 and streamlining our plant structure to optimize our supply chain.





















































 Alabama




 2017




































 Minnesota




 2017




































 Indiana




 2017






















































































&#160;2017












































































































































 2017
 asset-related costs primarily consisted of inventory write-downs of $21.8 million and accelerated depreciation of $16.5 million.&#160;&#160;Employee-related costs primarily consisted of severance and employee costs; and other costs primarily consisted of third-party costs.



 INC.


cturing capacity while maintaining a competitive cost structure
 service levels
 and product quality. Expenses associated with facility closures are primarily aggregated in the Other operating expense
perations
 with the exception of asset-related costs
 which are recorded in Cost of sales. The 




















































 California



18
 2015
















 Condiments




















 Massachusetts




&#160;2016









































&#160;2016




































&#160;Wisconsin




&#160;2016




































&#160;British Columbia




 2016




































 Michigan




 2016

























































































































 2018
 the Company announced the full closure of this facility. The costs associated with the full closure are included in the TreeHouse 2020 section.

 California
 Ayer
 Massachusetts
 Ripon
 Wisconsin
 and Delta
 British Columbia facilities have been reduced by approximately $5.0 million
 $0.9 million
 $1.4&#160;million
 and $1.5 million
 respectively
 since the initial announcements
 while total expected costs to close the Azusa
 California and Battle Creek
 Michigan facilities have been increased by approximately $6.2 million and $0.9 million
 respectively
 since their initial announcement.












&#160;2017














































































































































 2017
 asset-related costs primarily consisted of accelerated depreciation; employee-related costs primarily consisted of severance; and other costs primarily consisted of third-party costs.&#160;&#160;

 2017 and were primarily the result of a Private Brands plant closure initiated prior to TreeHouse&#8217;s acquisition.&#160;&#160;Other cost reduction activities were $3.2 million for the year ended December 31
 2016.&#160;&#160;

 2017 associated with these plant closings relate to severance and the partial withdrawal from a multiemployer pension plan. The severance liability is included in the Accounts payable and accrued expenses line of the 



 INC.




 2017:














































 2016
















































































































































 2017













































 2016
 the Company acquired the Private Brands Business
 which is primarily engaged in manufacturing
 distributing
 and marketing private label products to retail grocery
 food away from home
 and industrial and export customers. The business&#8217;s primary product categories include snacks
 retail bakery
 pasta
 cereal
 bars
 and condiments. The purchase price
 after considering working capital adjustments
 was $2
644.4&#160;million

 $760.7&#160;million in net proceeds from a private issuance of senior unsecured notes (&#8220;2024 Notes&#8221;)
 and a $1
025.0&#160;million term loan (&#8220;Term Loan&#160;A-2&#8221;) which was refinanced in 2017
&#160;with the remaining balance funded by borrowings from the Company&#8217;s

 Condiments
 Meals
 and Snacks segments. Included in the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Statements of Operations are the Private Brands Business&#8217;s net sales of approximately $2
992.9&#160;million and income before income taxes of $117.3&#160;million from the date of acquisition through December 31
 2016. Integration costs of $9.7&#160;million
 which were included in the Cost of sales and General and administrative expense lines of the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2016
 were included in determining income before income taxes.



 INC.























































 plant
 and equipment














































































141.2












237.4
















































687.7






 which have an estimated life of 13 years
 and $14.8&#160;million to customer relationships with food away from home customers
 which have an estimated life of 10 years. The Company allocated $33.0&#160;million to trade names
 which have an estimated life of 10 years. The Company allocated $23.2&#160;million to formulas
 which have an estimated life of 5 years. The Company allocated $19.6&#160;million to capitalized software with estimated lives of 1 to 5 years
 depending on expected use. The aforementioned intangibles will be amortized over their expected useful lives. Indemnification assets related to taxes of approximately $13.8&#160;million were also recorded. The Company increased the cost&#160;of acquired inventories by approximately $8.4&#160;million and expensed the&#160;amount as a component of&#160;Cost of sales. The Company has allocated $555.6&#160;million
 $1.1 million
 $73.3&#160;million
 $413.3&#160;million
 and $97.9&#160;million of goodwill to the Baked Goods
 Beverages
 Condiments
 Meals
 and&#160;Snacks segments
 respectively. Goodwill arises principally as a result of expansion opportunities and synergies across both new and legacy product categories. None of the goodwill resulting from this acquisition is tax deductible. The Company incurred approximately $35.2&#160;million in acquisition costs&#160;in&#160;2016 and none in 2017. These costs are included in the General and administrative expense line of the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

 while the fair value of formulas was determined using the cost approach. Real property fair values were determined using the cost and market approaches
 while the fair value of personal property was determined using the indirect cost approach. The fair value measurements of intangible assets are based on significant unobservable inputs
 and thus represent Level 3 inputs. Significant assumptions used in assessing the fair values of intangible assets include discounted future cash flows
 customer attrition rates
 and royalty rates.

 2015. Adjustments have been made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business combination
 the issuance of common stock
 interest expense related to the financing of the business combination
The pro forma results may not necessarily reflect actual results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are they necessarily indicative of future results of operations.





































&#160;except













499.1








795.9



































































 INC.





































































































































We determine the appropriate classification of our investments at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation as of each balance sheet date. The Company accounts for investments in debt and marketable equity securities as held-to-maturity
le-for-sale
 or trading
 depending on their classification. The investments held by the Company are classified as trading securities and are stated at fair value
 with changes in fair value recorded as a component of the Interest income or Interest expense line on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Cash flows from purchases
 sales
 and maturities of trading securities are included in cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows based on the nature and purpose for which the securities were acquired.

 non-U.S. equity
 and fixed income securities that are classified as short-term investments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The U.S. equity
 non-U.S. equity
 and fixed income securities are classified as short-term investments as they have characteristics of other current assets and are actively managed.

 2017
 we recognized unrealized losses totaling $0.1 million that are included in the Interest expense line of the Consolidated Statements of Operations and $2.0 million in unrealized gains that are included in the Interest income line of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Additionally
 for the year ended December 31
 2017
 we recognized a realized gain on investments totaling $0.2 million that was included in the Interest income line of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. When securities are sold
 their cost is determined based on the FIFO method.





 the Company entered into an agreement (the &#8220;Receivables Sales Agreement&#8221;)
 to sell
 on a revolving basis
 certain trade accounts receivable balances to 


 2017
&#160;$74.6 million&#160;of accounts receivable have been sold via this arrangement. The proceeds from these sales of receivables are included in Cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The recorded net loss on sale of receivables is $0.2 million&#160;for the year ended December 31
 2017 and is included in the Other income
 net line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.


 however the Company does have collection and administrative responsibilities for the sold receivables. The Company has not recorded any servicing assets or liabilities as of December 31
 2017 as the fair value of the servicing arrangement as well as the fees earned were not material to the financial statements.




 INC.




































































































































 2017 and 2016
 respectively. The LIFO reserve reflects the excess of the current cost of LIFO inventories at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 over the amount at which these inventories were valued on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. No LIFO inventory liquidation occurred in 2017 or 2016. Approximately $144.1 and $116.2 million of our inventory was accounted for using the weighted average costing approach at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.









 PLANT
 AND EQUIPMENT

























































































310.2








324.5
































928.4








946.0


























 plant
 and equipment
 net






294.4








359.3






 $178.4 million
 and $61.5 million in 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively.











 the Company has the following five operating segments
 which are also its reporting units: Baked Goods
 Beverages
 Condiments
 Meals
 and Snacks. See Note 22 for more information.

 2017 between the new reporting units using a relative fair value allocation approach. The change was considered a triggering event indicating a test for goodwill impairment was required as of January&#160;1
 2017. The Company performed the first step of the impairment test
 which did not result in the identification of any impairment losses. Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 are as follows:



 INC.












































































































 2016














































649.8








































































































123.9


































































































































































 2016














































447.2


































































































































































 2017














































182.0






 2017
 the Company recorded impairment losses of $276.4 million related to the Snacks reporting unit. This reporting unit did not achieve the forecasted results for the year ended December 31
 2017. The Company finalized its budgeting process in the fourth quarter which resulted in reduced future revenue and profitability expectations. The primary factor impacting the future revenue and profitability expectations for the Snacks reporting unit was competitive pressures.&nbsp;&nbsp;These changes in expectations and the related reductions in discounted future cash flows resulted in book values that exceeded the fair values for these reporting units

 which are unobservable
 Level 3 inputs. Unobservable inputs are used to measure fair value to the extent that relevant observable inputs are not available. The Company developed our estimates using the best information available at the time.


 2016
 the Company recorded impairment losses of $333.4 million and $11.5 million related to the Snacks and Condiments reporting units
 respectively. These reporting units did not achieve their forecasted results for the year ended December 31
 2016 and after finalizing the budgeting process in the fourth quarter of 2016
 resulted in reduced future revenue and profitability expectations due to competitive pressures.




 other than goodwill
 as of December 31
 2017 and 2016 are as follows:



















































































 2017 resulting in no impairment losses.


 2016
 trademark
 which was included in the Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets line of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The impairment loss was determined using the relief from royalty method
 and resulted from the reduced revenue and profitability expectations related to the Condiments reporting unit
 as described above. The Company also changed the classification of this trademark from indefinite lived to finite lived. No other impairments were identified related to indefinite lived intangibles.



 INC.




 with finite lives
 as of December 31
 2017 and 2016 are as follows:

























































































































































































































































































265.4
































284.3




















































































































































































































































































































509.6
































506.3
























116.0






 the Company determined the carrying value of certain long-lived assets may not be recoverable due to the decline in forecasted future cash flows in the Snacks segment. As a result
 we evaluated long-lived assets for impairment and determined that the book value of the customer-related assets in the Snacks segment were not recoverable. The customer-related assets were determined to have no fair value using an excess earnings approach and an impairment charge of $273.3 million was recorded on all remaining Snacks segment customer-related assets. The excess earnings approach calculates the Company&#8217;s earnings above an expected return on the Company&#8217;s tangible assets. This approach utilizes projected cash flow estimates developed by the Company to determine fair value
 which are unobservable
 Level 3 inputs. Unobservable inputs are used to measure fair value to the extent that relevant observable inputs are not available. The Company developed our earnings estimates using the best information available at the time. No other impairments were identified related to the remaining long-lived assets of asset groups. The impairment is included in the Impairment 


 trademark
 which is included in the Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets line of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Amport&#174; trademark was related to the Snacks segment. The impairment loss was determined using the relief from royalty method and resulted from the transition of certain products previously sold under this trademark to the 

 2017
 the weighted average remaining useful lives for the amortizable intangible assets are (1) customer-related at 11.1 years
years
 (3) trademarks at 8.2 years
 (4) formulas/recipes at 3.0 years
 and (5) computer software at 4.5 years. The weighted average remaining useful life in total for all amortizable intangible assets is 10.3 years as of December 31
 2017.

 excluding goodwill
 as of December 31
 2017 and 2016 were $773.0 million and $1
137.6 million
 respectively. Amortization expense on intangible assets was $114.1 million
 $109.9 million
 and $60.6 million for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively. Estimated amortization expense on intangible assets for the next five years is as follows:














































































 INC.


Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating changes and to estimate future cash flows. Assumptions used in our impairment evaluations
growth rates and our cost of capital
 are consistent with our internal projections and operating plans.




































































































































 workers&#8217; compensation
 and other insurance costs





























































































































































































































 2016
 and 2015 provision for income taxes:







































































































































































































































































































































































 INC.
































































































































































































 Section 78 Gross-Up












































































































































 net























































































































































































































































































 net of valuation allowance




































































































 2017
 the Tax Act was signed into law making significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes include
 but are not limited to
 a corporate tax rate decrease from 35% to 21%


 allowing for the full expensing of certain qualified property and a one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of cumulative foreign earnings.&nbsp;&nbsp;The changes are effective for tax years beginning after December 31
 2017. 

 the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (SAB 118) to address the application of US GAAP in situations where a registrant does not have the necessary information available
 prepared
 or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the Tax Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;To the extent that a company&#8217;s accounting for the Tax Act is incomplete but it is able to provide a reasonable estimate
 it must record a provisional amount in the financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;SAB 118 provides a measurement period that should not extend beyond one year from the Tax Act enactment date for companies to complete the accounting under ASC 740. 



 INC.


 of the Tax Act
 mandatory deemed repatriation of cumulative foreign earnings.&nbsp;&nbsp;The adjustments to our net deferred tax liability and the liability related to the transition tax are provisional amounts based on information available as of December 31
are subject to change due to
 among other things
 additional analysis
 changes in interpretations and assumptions the Company has made
 and additional regulatory guidance that may be issued. Any subsequent adjustment to these amounts will be recorded to ta

 Global Intangible Low Taxed Income or &#8220;GILTI&#8221;) earned by controlled foreign corporations (&#8220;CFCs&#8221;) must be included currently in the gross income of the CFC&#8217;s U.S. shareholder.&nbsp;&nbsp;Because of the complexity of the GILTI tax rules
 we are continuing to evaluate this provision of the Tax Act and the application of ASC 740.&nbsp;&nbsp;Under U.S. GAAP
 we are allowed to make an accounting policy election of either (1) treating taxes due of future U.S. inclusions in taxable income related to GILTI as a current-period expense when incurred or (2) factoring such amounts into the company&#8217;s measurement of deferred taxes.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have not made any adjustments related to potential GILTI tax in our financial statements and have not made a policy decision regarding whether to record deferred taxes on GILTI.



 2017 and 2016
 respectively. The Company assessed the realizability of its deferred tax assets and has determined that certain foreign non-capital loss carryforwards
 state net operating loss carryforwards
 and state tax credit carryforwards will more likely than not expire unused.

 Canada
 Italy
 and various U.S. states. In the U.S. federal jurisdiction
 the Company is open to examination for the tax year ended December 31
 2014 and forward; for Canadian purposes
 the Company is open to examination for the tax year ended December 31
 2008 and forward; for Italian purposes
 the Company is open to examination for the tax years ended September 30
 2012 and forward; and for the various U.S. states the Company is generally open to examination for the tax year ended December 31
 2012 and forward.
is currently examining the TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. &amp; Subsidiaries&#8217; 2015 tax year.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our Canadian operations are under exam by the Canadian Revenue Agency (&#8220;CRA&#8221;) for tax years 2008 through 2015. These examinations are expected to be completed in 2018. The Italian Agency of Revenue (&#8220;IAR&#8221;) is examining the 2007 through 2009 and 2013 tax years of our Italian operations. The IAR examinations are not expected to be completed prior to 2020 due to a backlog of appeals before the agency. The Company has examinations in process with various state taxing authorities
 which are expected to be completed in 2018.



 INC.


During the year
 the Company recorded adjustments to its unrecognized tax benefits. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

















































































































































































































































































 2017&#160;are amounts that are offset by deferred taxes (i.e.
 temporary differences). Of the amount accrued at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 $5.7 million and $7.3 million
 respectively
 would impact net income when settled. Of the amounts accrued at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 $20.7 million and $20.1 million
 respectively
 relates to unrecognized tax benefits assumed in prior acquisitions
 which have been indemnified by the previous owners.

 primarily as a result of the resolution of audits currently in progress and the lapsing of statutes of limitations. Approximately $1.4 million of the $9.5 million would affect net income when settled.

 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 the Company recognized $1.2 million
 $0.8 million
 and $0.1 million of interest and penalties in income tax expense
 respectively. The Company has accrued approximately $5.5 million and $4.6 million for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 of which $5.3 million and $4.3 million is indemnified.

 2017
As there will not be an incremental tax cost on the future repatriation of these earnings
 

 the Company entered into an intercompany financing structure that results in the recognition of foreign earnings subject to a low effective tax rate. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company recognized a tax benefit of approximately $3.9 and $3.8 million
 respectively
 related to this item.





 INC.






























































































































005.8








































































574.6








824.5




















































535.7








724.8






 excluding deferred financing costs
 at December 31
 2017 are as follows (in millions):








































































101.8












574.6






 2017
 the Company entered into the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Credit Agreement&#8221;) which amends
 restates
 and replaces the Company&#8217;s prior credit agreement
 dated as of February 1
 2016 (as amended from time to time prior to February 1
 2016

Agreement (1)&#160;extended the maturity dates of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1
 (2) resized the Revolver from $900 million to $750 million
 (3) consolidated three term loans into two
 (4) tightened pricing
 and (5) modified the fee structure on the Revolving Credit Facility to now calculate based on the unused portion of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility rather than the total commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility. 


 $5.2 million in fees will be amortized ratably through January 31
 2025 and $13.6 million of fees will be amortized ratably through February 1
 2023. Fees associated with Term Loan A and Term Loan A-1 (the &#8220;Term Loans&#8221;) are presented as a direct deduction from outstanding debt
 while fees associated with the Revolving Credit Facility are presented as an asset.

 2017 was 2.976%.
 &#8212; As of December 31
 2017
 $716.0 million of the aggregate commitment of $750 million of the Revolving Credit Facility was available. Under the Credit Agreement
 the Revolving Credit Facility matures on February 1
 2023. In addition
 as of December 31
 2017
 there were $34.0 million in letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility that were issued but undrawn
 which have been included as a reduction to the calculation of available credit.&#160;

 if earlier
 at the end of the applicable interest period in arrears on any outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. The interest rates applicable to the Revolving Credit Facility are based upon the Company&#8217;s consolidated net leverage ratio or the Company&#8217;s Corporate Credit Rating
 whichever results in lower pricing
 and are determined by either (i) LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.20% to 1.60%
 or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.20% to 0.60%. The unused fee on the Revolving Credit Facility is also based on the Company&#8217;s consolidated net leverage ratio or the Company&#8217;s Corporate Credit Rating
 whichever results in lower pricing
 and accrues at a rate ranging from 0.20% to 0.30%.



 INC.


The Credit Agreement is fully and unconditionally
 as well as jointly and severally
 guaranteed by our 100% owned direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries: Bay Valley Foods
 LLC; Sturm Foods
 Inc.; S.T. Specialty Foods
sociated Brands
 Inc.; Cains Foods
 Inc.; Cains Foods L.P.; Cains GP
 LLC; Flagstone Foods
 Inc.
 Protenergy Holdings
 Inc.; Protenergy Natural Foods
 Inc.; TreeHouse Private Brands
 Inc. (formerly Ralcorp Holdings
Nutcracker Brands
 Inc.; Linette Quality Chocolates
 Inc.; Ralcorp Frozen Bakery Products
 Inc.; Cottage Bakery
 Inc.; The Carriage House Companies
 Inc. and certain other domestic subsidiaries that may become guarantors in the future
measurement period that includes a fiscal quarter in which the Company entered into a permitted acquisition)
 The Credit Agreement also contains cross-default provisions which could result in the acceleration of payments in the event TreeHouse or the Guara
 &#8212; On December 1
 2017
 the Company entered into a $500 million term loan which amended and extended the Company&#8217;s existing term A loan. The maturity date is January 31
 2025. The interest rates applicable to Term Loan A are based upon the Company&#8217;s consolidated net leverage ratio or the Company&#8217;s Corporate Credit Rating
 whichever results in lower pricing
 and are determined by either (i) LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.675% to 2.075%
 or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.675% to 1.075&#160;%. Principal amortization payments are due on a quarterly basis and interest is payable quarterly or
 if earlier
 at the end of the applicable interest period in arrears on any outstanding borrowings under Term Loan A. Term Loan A is subject to substantially the same covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 and also has the same Guarantor Subsidiaries. As of December 31
 2017
 $498.8 million was outstanding under Term Loan A.
 &#8212; On December 1
 2017
 the Company entered into a $900 million term loan which amended and extended the Company&#8217;s existing tranche A-1 and tranche A-2 term loans. The maturity date is February 1
 2023. The interest rates applicable to Term Loan A-1 are the same as those applicable to the Revolving Credit Facility (other than
 for the avoidance of doubt
 the unused fee). Principal amortization payments are due on a quarterly basis and interest is payable quarterly or
 if earlier
 at the end of the applicable interest period in arrears on any outstanding borrowing under Term Loan A-1. Term Loan A-1 is subject to substantially the same covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 and has the same Guarantor Subsidiaries. As of December 31
 2017
 $897.8 million was outstanding under Term Loan A-1.
 &#8212; On December 1
 2017
 Term Loan A-2 was paid off as part the Credit Agreement utilizing borrowings under Term Loan A and Term Loan A-1. 
 &#8212; On March 11
 2014
 the Company completed its underwritten public offering of $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875% notes due March 15
 2022 (the &#8220;2022 Notes&#8221;). The net proceeds of $394.0 million ($400.0 million less underwriting discount of $6.0 million
 providing an effective interest rate of 4.99%) were used to extinguish the Company&#8217;s previously issued 7.75% notes due on March 1
 2018 (the &#8220;2018 Notes&#8221;). Interest is payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year. The 2022 Notes will mature on March 15
 2022.

 at the redemption prices as set forth in the indenture plus any accrued or unpaid interest to the applicable redemption date.&#160; Subject to certain limitations
 in the event of a change in control of the Company
 the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase the 2022 Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid interest up to the purchase date.
 &#8212; On January 29
 2016
 the Company completed an exempt offering under Rule 144A and Regulation S of the Securities Act of $775 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.0% notes due February 15
 2024. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2024 Notes (approximately $760.7 million after deducting issuance costs
 providing an effective interest rate of 6.23%) were used to fund a portion of the purchase price of the Private Brands Business. Interest is payable on February 15 and August 15 of each year. The payments began on August 15
 2016. The 2024 Notes will mature on February 15
 2024.

 2019 at the applicable redemption prices described in the Indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest
 if any
 up to but not including the redemption date. In addition
 prior to February 15
 2019
 the Company may redeem all or a portion of the 2024 Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus the &#8220;make-whole&#8221; premium set forth in the Indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest
 if any
 up to but not including the redemption date. The Company may also redeem up to 40% of the 2024 Notes prior to February 15
 2019 with the net cash proceeds received from certain equity offerings at the redemption price set forth in the Indenture. In the event of certain change of control events
 as 



 INC.


described in the Indenture
 the Company may be required t

 the Guarantor Subsidiaries
The Indenture provides
 among other things
 that the 2022 Notes and 2024 Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Company&#8217;s payment obligations under the 2022 Notes and 2024 Notes are fully and unconditionally
 as well as jointly and severally
 guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor Subsidiaries
 in addition to any future domestic subsidiaries that guarantee or become borrowers under its credit agreement
 or guarantee certain other indebtedness incurred by the Company or its restricted subsidiaries. The Indenture was supplemented during the first quarter of 2016 to include the changes in Guarantor Subsidiaries noted above.

 without limitation
 defaults relating to the failure to pay at final maturity or the acceleration of certain other indebtedness). If an event of default occurs and is continuing
 the trustee under the Indenture or holders of at least 25% in principal amount of such notes may declare the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest
 if any
 on all such notes to be due and payable. The Indenture also contains restrictive covenants that
 among other things
 limit the ability of the Company and the Guarantor Subsidiaries to: (i) pay dividends or make other restricted payments
 (ii) make certain investments
 (iii) incur additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock
 (iv) create liens
 (v) pay dividends or make other payments (except for certain dividends and payments to the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company)
 (vi) merge or consolidate with other entities or sell substantially all of its assets
 (vii) enter into transactions with affiliates
 and (viii) engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions. The foregoing limitations are subject to exceptions as set forth in the Indenture. In addition
 if in the future
 the 2022 Notes or 2024 Notes have an investment grade credit rating by both Moody&#8217;s Investors Services
 Inc. and Standard &amp; Poor&#8217;s Ratings Services
 certain of these covenants will
 thereafter
 no longer apply to the 2022 Notes or 2024 Notes for so long as the 2022 Notes or 2024 Notes are rated investment grade by the two rating agencies.
 &#8212; In June 2016
 the Company entered into $500 million of long-term interest rate swap agreements to lock into a fixed LIBOR interest rate base. Under the terms of the agreements
 $500 million in variable-rate debt was swapped for a weighted average fixed interest rate base of approximately 0.86% for a period of 37 months
 beginning on January 31
 2017 and ending on February 28
 2020. The borrowing cost on the swapped principal will range from 2.26% to 2.76% during the life of the swap agreement based on the credit spreads under the Credit Agreement.
&#160;&#8212; The Company owes $3.1 million related to capital leases. Capital lease obligations represent machinery and equipment financing obligations
 which are payable in monthly installments of principal and interest
 and are collateralized by the related assets financed.
 &#8211; As of December 31
 2017
 deferred financing costs of $5.1 million and $23.7 million were included in Current portion of long-term debt and Long-term debt
 respectively. Deferred financing costs of $6.7 million and $26.6 million were included in Current portion of long-term debt and Long-term debt
 respectively
 as of December 31
 2016. In connection with the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 $3.3 million of historical debt issuance costs were written-off in 2017. 













 2016
 a total of 13
269
230 shares were issued pursuant to a public offering at $65.00 per share
 resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $862.5 million. Net cash from the offering
 after considering issuance costs
 was approximately $835.1 million
 with approximately $0.1 million recorded to Common stock at par value and approximately $835.0 million recorded to Additional paid-in capital. The net proceeds from the offering were used to fund a portion of the purchase price of the Private Brands Business.

 2017
 there were 56
638
498 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.





 INC.


On November 2
 2017
a stock repurchase program. The stock repurchase program authorizes the Company to repurchase up to $400 million of the Company&#8217;s common stock at any time
ions
 negotiated block transactions
 or otherwise
 including pursuant to a repurchase plan administered in accordance with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
hases will depend on price
 market and business conditions
 and other factors. The Company is authorized to enter into an administrative repurchase plan for $50 million of the $400 million in the fourteen months following November
 6 2017. The Company plan

 2017
 the Company repurchased approximately 0.6 million shares of common stock for a total of $28.7 million. 


























































&#160;except&#160;per&#160;share&#160;data)













































































































































































































































 2017 and 2016
 weighted average common shares outstanding is the same for the computations of basic and diluted shares because the Company had a net loss for the period. Equity awards
 excluded from our computation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive
 were 1.6 million
 1.2 million
 and 0.7 million for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively.










 and the Company&#8217;s Stockholders approved
 the &#8220;TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan&#8221; (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;). The Plan is administered by our Compensation Committee
 which consists entirely of independent directors. The Compensation Committee determines specific awards for our executive officers. For all other employees
 if the committee designates
 our Chief Executive Officer or such other officers will
 from time to time
 determine specific persons to whom awards under the Plan will be granted
 and the terms and conditions of each award. The Compensation Committee or its designee
 pursuant to the terms of the Plan
 also will make all other necessary decisions and interpretations under the Plan.



 INC.


r the Plan
 the Compensation Committee may grant awards of various types of compensation
 including stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares
 performance units
 other types of stock-based awards
 million
 of which approximately 5.1 million remain available at December 31
 2017.

 2017
 2016
 and 2015 includes stock-based compensation expense for employees and directors of $30.0 million
 $29.9 million
 and $22.9 million

 $10.9 million
 and 9.5 million for 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively.

 the Company estimates forfeitures
 as not all employees are expected to complete the required service conditions. The expected service period is the longer of the derived service period
 as determined from the output of the valuation models
 and the service period based on the term of the awards.




































































































































































































































 at January 1
 2017






069






















































































































































































































 at December 31
 2017






099






































 at December 31
 2017






048






































 at December 31
 2017






349








































































































































































million at December 31
 2017 and will be recognized over the remaining vesting period of the grants
years. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted in 2017
 2016
 and 2015 was $25.56
 $25.89
 and $22.04
 respectively.

 vest one-third on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date
 and expire ten years from the grant date. Stock options are generally only granted to employees and non-employee directors.



 INC.


Stock options are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatilities for 2017
 2016
 assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock option awards granted in 2017
 2016
 and 2015 are presented as follows:





































































































































Employee restricted stock unit awards generally vest based on the passage of time. These awards generally vest one-third on each anniversary of the grant date. Director restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary of the grant date. Certain directors have deferred receipt of their awards until either their departure from the Board of Directors or a specified date. As of December 31
 2017
 100 thousand director restricted stock units have been earned and deferred. The following table summarizes the restricted stock unit activity during the year ended December 31
 2017:


























































































































































 at January 1
 2017
















































































































































 at December 31
 2017







































































































































































million as of December 31
 2017 and will be recognized on a weighted average basis over the next 1.8 years. The grant date fair value of the awards is equal to the Company&#8217;s closing stock price on the grant date.
 &#8212; Performance unit awards are granted to certain members of management. These awards contain service and performance conditions. For each of the three performance periods
 one-third of the units will accrue
 multiplied by a predefined percentage between 0% and 200%
 depending on the achievement of certain operating performance measures. Additionally
 for the cumulative performance period
 a number of units will accrue
 equal to the number of units granted multiplied by a predefined percentage between 0% and 200%
 depending on the achievement of certain operating performance measures
 less any units previously accrued. Accrued units will be converted to stock or cash
 at the discretion of the Compensation Committee on the third anniversary of the grant date. The Company intends to settle these awards in stock and has the shares available to do so. 

 2017
 based on achievement of operating performance measures
 72
335 performance units were converted into 81
556 shares of common stock
 an average conversion ratio of 1.13 shares for each performance unit. 



 INC.


The following table summarizes the performance unit activity during the year ended December 31
 2017:












































 at January 1
 2017
















































































 at December 31
 2017






















































































































































million as of December 31
 2017
 and are expected to be recognized over the next










 all of which are net of tax
 except for the foreign currency translation adjustment:














































 2015

















































































































 2015

















































































































 2016

















































































































 2017


































 as it pertains to the Company&#8217;s permanent investment in its foreign subsidiaries.






for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016. For the year ended December 31
 2015 the tax impact was insignificant.



 INC.













































































































































































































































 net


























































































































&#160;&#8212; Certain of our employees and retirees participate in pension and other postretirement benefit plans. In connection with the acquisition of the Private Brands Business
 the Company acquired three pension plans and one postretirement benefit plan. The obligations related to these plans were assumed by the Company at the acquisition date. Employee benefit plan obligations and expenses included in the Consolidated Financial Statements are determined based on plan assumptions
 employee demographic data
 including years of service and compensation
 benefits and claims paid
 and employer contributions.
&#160;&#8212; Certain of our non-union employees participate in savings and profit sharing plans. These plans generally provide for salary reduction contributions to the plans on behalf of the participants of between 1% and 80% of a participant&#8217;s annual compensation and provide for employer matching and profit sharing contributions. The Company established a tax-qualified defined contribution plan to manage the assets. For 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 the Company made matching contributions to the plan of $22.1 million
 $18.7 million
 and $6.7 million
 respectively.
&#160;&#8212; The Company contributes to several multiemployer pension plans on behalf of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. These plans are administered jointly by management and union representatives and cover substantially all full-time and certain part-time union employees who are not covered by other plans. The risks of participating in multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: (1) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers
 (2) if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers
 and (3) if the Company chooses to stop participating in a multiemployer plan
 we could
 under certain circumstances
The Company partially withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Trust Plan as a result of the closure of our City of Industry
 California facility during 2016
 which was announced in November 2015. The Company is liable for a share of the plan&#8217;s unfunded vested benefits. An estimated partial withdrawal liability of approximately $0.8 million was accrued as of December 31
 2016 and 2017. It will not result in a full withdrawal. No other liabilities were established
In 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 the contributions to these plans
 excluding withdrawal payments
 were $3.3 million
 $3.2 million
 and $1.4 million
 respectively.

 the most recent Pension Protection Act zone status available in 2017 and 2016 is for the plan&#8217;s years ended December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively. The zone status is based on information that the Company received from the plan
 and is certified by the plan&#8217;s actuary. Among other factors
 plans in the red zone are generally less than 65% funded
 plans in the yellow zone are less than 80% funded
 and plans in the green zone are at least 80% funded. The FIP column indicates plans for which a financial improvement plan &#8220;(&#8220;FIP&#8221;) is either pending or has been implemented. The last column lists the expiration dates of the collective bargaining agreements to which the plans are subject. The Company began participating in the Bakery and Confectionery Union and Industry International Pension Fund and the Retail
 Wholesale and Department Store 



 INC.








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































&#160;Wholesale&#160;and
















































































































































































































































































































































 Intl.




















































































































































































































































































































































 the Company closed the City of Industry
 California facility during 2016. As a result
 there is no collective bargaining agreement related to this plan.











































 Intl. Brotherhood of Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan








 2016
 and 2015



&#160;&#8212;The Company established a tax-qualified pension plan and master trust to manage the portion of the pension plan assets related to eligible salaried
 non-union
 and union employees not covered by a multiemployer pension plan. We also retain investment consultants to assist our Investment Committee with formulating a long-term investment policy for the master trust. The expected long-term rate of return on assets is based on projecting long-term market returns for the various asset classes in which the plan&#8217;s assets are invested
 weighted by the target asset allocations. The estimated ranges are primarily based on observations of historical asset returns and their historical volatility. In determining the expected returns
 we also consider consensus forecasts of certain market and economic factors that influence returns
 such as inflation
 gross domestic product trends
 and dividend yields. Active management of the plan assets may result in adjustments to the historical returns. We review the rate of return assumption annually. A curtailment charge of $1.4 million was recorded in 2017 reflecting the freeze of several defined benefit pension plans.


474 terminated
 vested participants in the U.S. Pension Plans. This window expired on October 31
 2107 and approximately 59% of these participants accepted the offer. Payments to participants who accepted the offer were made in the fourth quarter of 2017 and totaled $32.8 million. This amount is included in the Benefits paid line of the Change in benefit obligation table below. 



 INC.


ipants and their beneficiaries and such long-term growth as may maximize the amounts available to provide such benefits without undue risk. Additionally
e equity
 debt
 and other investments. Our current asset mix guidelines
 under the investment policy
t December 31
 2017
rities of 60.6%
 fixed income securities of 39.0%
Equity securities primarily include investments in collective equity funds that invest in domestic and international securities
rities. Fixed income securities primarily include investments in collective funds that invest in corporate bonds of companies from diversified industries. Other investments are short term in nature
 including certificates of deposit
ctive bond fund that invests in commercial paper
 time deposits
 fixed rate notes and bonds
 and others.

 2017 and 2016 by asset category is as follows:













 (h)






































































































































































































 which seeks to offer a competitive rate of return through a portfolio of high-grade
 short term
 and money market instruments. Principal preservation is the primary objective of this fund.







 as characterized by the Barclays Capital Aggregate Bond Index.





















 as characterized by the Barclays Capital U.S. 1-5 year Credit Bond Index.













The primary objective of this fund is to outperform the Barclay&#8217;s Capital High Yield Index over a market cycle while maintaining a similar level of volatility and credit quality as the index. This Fund can serve as a core bond investment position
 providing exposure to the U.S. Fixed Income market.







 levels within the fair value hierarchy are not provided for these assets.

 incremental pension benefits are only earned for changes in compensation affecting final average pay. Pension benefits earned by union employees covered by collective bargaining agreements
 but not participating in multiemployer pension plans
 are earned based on creditable years of service and the specified benefit amounts negotiated as part of the collective bargaining agreements. The Company&#8217;s funding policy provides that annual contributions to the pension plan master trust will be at least equal to 



 INC.


ity Act of 1974
The measurement date for the defined benefit pension plans is December 31. In 2017
 the actuarial loss relating to the defined benefi


 $2.8 million
 and $2.6 million ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively. The decline in total contributions from 2016 to 2017 was related to the divestiture of the Soup and Infant Feeding business.

 2017 and 2016:
































































































 at beginning of year




























































































































































































































































 at end of year








































































 at beginning of year




















































































































































































 at end of year





































































































































































































































































































































 before tax effect





















































































 INC.








































































































































 2017 and 2016 are as follows:






























































































































































































































 2017
 2016
 and 2015:











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 INC.











































































































































































































































































 end of year




































 end of year
























 the majority are covered by a multi-employer plan in which expenses are paid as incurred. The effect on those covered by plans for which we maintain a liability was not significant.









 NET

 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively
 which consisted of the following:





































































































































 net




































 plant
 equipment
 and distribution warehouses used in our operations under both capital and operating lease agreements. These leases have terms ranging from one to forty-one years. Rent expense under operating lease commitments was $56.9 million
 $53.2 million
 and $31.9 million
 for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively.



 INC.


The composition of capital leases
 which are reflected as Property
nt
 and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 is as follows:







































































































 2017 under non-cancelable capital leases and operating leases are summarized as follows:
































































































































































































 Investigations

 2016

 Inc.

 Case No. 1:16-cv-10632
 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against TreeHouse and certain of its officers. The complaint
 amended on March&#160;24
 2017
 is purportedly brought on behalf of all purchasers of TreeHouse common stock from January&#160;20
 2016 through and including November&#160;2
 2016
 asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder and seeks
 among other things
 damages and costs and expenses. On December&#160;22
 2016


 Case No. 2016-CH-16359
 in the Circuit Court of Cook County
 Illinois
 against TreeHouse and certain of its officers. This complaint
 purportedly brought derivatively on behalf of TreeHouse
 asserts state law claims against certain officers for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 and corporate waste. On February&#160;7
 2017
 another purported TreeHouse shareholder filed an action captioned&#160;
 Case No. 17-cv-01014
 in the Northern District of Illinois
 against TreeHouse and certain of its officers.&#160;This complaint
 like&#160;
 is purportedly brought derivatively on behalf of TreeHouse
 and it asserts state law claims against certain officers for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 abuse of control
 gross mismanagement
 and corporate waste.
&#160;now contains additional detail). Essentially
 the complaints allege that TreeHouse
 under the authority and control of the individual defendants: (i)&#160;made certain false and misleading statements regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 operations
 and future prospects; and (ii)&#160;failed to disclose that (a)&#160;the Company&#8217;s private label business was underperforming; (b)&#160;the Company&#8217;s Flagstone business was underperforming; (c)&#160;the Company&#8217;s acquisition strategy was underperforming; (d)&#160;the Company had overstated its full-year 2016 guidance; and (e)&#160;TreeHouse&#8217;s statements lacked reasonable basis. The complaints allege that these actions artificially inflated the market price of TreeHouse common stock during the class period
 thus purportedly harming investors. We believe that these claims are without merit and intend to defend against them vigorously.

Public Employees&#8217; Retirement Systems of Mississippi v. TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.

&#160;defendants have filed a motion to dismiss
matter is set for March 8
 2018.
Additionally
 due to the similarity of the complaints
is April 27
 2018.&nbsp;&nbsp;There is no set status date in 



 INC.


In addition
 the Company is party in the ordinary course of business to certain claims
on
 audits
r liabilities that are probable and reasonably estimable that may be incurred in connection with any such currently pending or threatened matter
 none of which are significant. In the Company&#8217;s opinion
tened matter is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.

 2017
 Mr. Robert Aiken resigned as the Company&#8217;s President and Chief Operating Officer. On December 1
 2017
 Mr. Aiken filed a demand for arbitration under his employment agreement.&#160; Shortly thereafter
 the Company filed a counterclaim in arbitration against Mr. Aiken.&#160; At this time
 no dates have been set for the arbitration and fact discovery has yet to commence.&#160; 










 foreign currency risk
 and commodity price risk. Derivative contracts are entered into for periods consistent with the related underlying exposure and do not constitute positions independent of those exposures. The Company does not enter into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
 &#8212; The Company manages its exposure to changes in interest rates by optimizing the use of variable-rate and fixed-rate debt and by utilizing interest rate swaps to hedge our exposure to changes in interest rates
 to reduce the volatility of our financing costs
 and to achieve a desired proportion of fixed versus floating-rate debt
 based on current and projected market conditions
 with a bias toward fixed-rate debt.

 the Company entered into $500 million of long-term interest rate swap agreements to lock into a fixed LIBOR interest rate base. Under the terms of the agreements
 $500 million in variable-rate debt was swapped for a weighted average fixed interest rate base of approximately 0.86% for a period of 37 months
 beginning on January 31
 2017 and ending on February 28
 2020. These agreements do not qualify for hedge accounting and changes in their fair value are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 with their fair value recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Due to the Company&#8217;s foreign operations
 we are exposed to foreign currency risk. The Company enters into foreign currency contracts to manage the risk associated with foreign currency cash flows. The Company&#8217;s objective in using foreign currency contracts is to establish a fixed foreign currency exchange rate for the net cash flow requirements for purchases that are denominated in U.S. dollars. These contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting and changes in their fair value are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 with their fair value recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company had $27.0 million of U.S. dollar foreign currency contracts outstanding
 expiring throughout 2018.
 &#8212; Certain commodities we use in the production and distribution of our products are exposed to market price risk. The Company utilizes derivative contracts to manage this risk. The majority of commodity forward contracts are not derivatives
 and those that are generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception under the guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities and
 therefore
 are not subject to its provisions. For derivative commodity contracts that do not qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception
 the Company records their fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 with changes in value being recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

 oil
 plastics
 natural gas
 electricity
 and other commodity contracts that do not meet the requirements for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception.


 2017
 the Company had outstanding contracts for the purchase of 0.3 million megawatts of electricity
 expiring throughout 2018
 2019
 and 2020; 8.8 million gallons of diesel
 expiring throughout 2018; 3.2 million dekatherms of natural gas
 expiring throughout 2018; 0.9 million bushels of corn
 expiring throughout 2018.&#160; &#160;



 INC.


The following table identifies the derivative
 its fair value
 and location on the C

























































































































































































































































































































































 net
























 net
























 net




































































































































































































 2017 and 2016:










 2017






 2016


















































































































































































































































































005.8








007.40




































































































































































































































































































































 INC.




 Term Loan A
 Term Loan A-1
 Term Loan A-2
 2022 Notes
 2024 Notes
 commodity contracts
 foreign currency contracts
 and interest rate swap agreements are determined using Level 2 inputs. Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted market prices that are observable for an asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly. The fair values of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan A
 Term Loan A-1
 and Term Loan A-2 were estimated using present value techniques and market based interest rates and credit spreads. The fair values of the Company&#8217;s 2022 Notes and 2024 Notes were estimated based on quoted market prices for similar instruments
 where the inputs are considered Level 2
 due to their infrequent trading volume. The fair values of the commodity contracts
 foreign currency contracts
 and interest rate swap agreements are based on an analysis comparing the contract rates to the market rates at the balance sheet date. The commodity contracts
 foreign currency contracts
 and interest rate swap agreements are recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.











 the Company completed changes in its organizational structure that resulted in a change in how the Company manages its business and allocates resources. Our reportable segments are now organized and managed by products: Baked Goods
 Beverages
 Condiments
 Meals
 and Snacks. Previously
 our reportable segments were organized and managed by customer channels: North American Retail Grocery
 Food Away From Home
 and Industrial and Export. All prior period information has been recast to reflect this change.

 thereby making determinations as to the allocation of resources in total rather than on a segment-level basis. The Company has designated reportable segments based on how management views its business. The Company does not segregate assets between segments for internal reporting. Therefore
 asset-related information has not been presented. The reportable segments
 as presented below
 are consistent with the manner in which the Company reports its results to the Chief Operating Decision Maker. Our segments are as follows:
Our Baked Goods segment sells candy; cookies; crackers; in-store bakery products; pita chips; pretzels; refrigerated dough; and retail griddle waffles
 pancakes
 and French toast.
Our Beverages segment sells broths; liquid non-dairy creamer; non-dairy powdered creamers; powdered drinks; single serve hot beverages; specialty teas
 and sweeteners.
Our Condiments segment sells aseptic cheese and pudding products; jams
 preserves
 and jellies; mayonnaise; Mexican
 barbeque
 and other sauces; pickles and related products; refrigerated and shelf stable dressings and sauces; and table and flavored syrups.
 &#8211; Our Meals segment sells baking and mix powders; powdered soups and gravies; macaroni and cheese; pasta; ready-to-eat and hot cereals; and skillet dinners. Condensed and ready to serve soup and infant feeding products were sold within the Meals segment through the divestiture of the SIF business on May 22
 2017.


 the Company revised its calculation of direct operating income to include direct general and administrative expenses. Direct operating income is now defined as gross profit less freight out
 sales commissions
 and direct selling
 general
 and administrative expenses. All prior period information has been recast to reflect this change. The amounts in the following tables are obtained from reports used by senior management and do not include income taxes. Other expenses not allocated include unallocated selling
 general
 and administrative expenses
 unallocated costs of sales
 and unallocated corporate expenses (amortization expense and other operating expense). The accounting policies of the Company&#8217;s segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies set forth in Note 1.



 INC.






















































































403.9








288.2




















073.4




























300.6








258.1








075.5












189.2








335.2




















334.5








330.5
















































307.1








175.1








206.4










































































































































































































 general
 and administrative expenses




























































































































































































































































































































































































































&#160;&#8212; The Company had revenues from customers outside of the United States of approximately 8.8%
 8.7%
 and 11.9% of total consolidated net sales in 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively
 with 6.8%
 6.9%
 and 10.8% of total consolidated net sales going to Canada in 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively. Sales are determined based on the customer destination where the products are shipped.



 INC.


Long-lived assets consist of net property
 plant
 and equipment. The geographic location of long-lived assets is as fo





































































137.9








212.1




















































294.4








359.3





&#160;&#8212; Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates accounted for approximately 22.0%
 18.7%
 and 20.7% of consolidated net sales in 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively. Costco accounted for approximately 10.3% of consolidated net sales in 2017
 with less than 10% in previous years. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated net sales.

 Inc. and affiliates represented approximately 21.8% and 18.6% of our total trade receivables as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Total trade receivables with Costco represented approximately 6.4% as of December 31
 2017.
&#160;&#8212; The following table presents the Company&#8217;s net sales by major products for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the first quarter of 2017
 the Company changed the product categories to align with the changes in organizational structure. All prior period information has been recast to reflect this change.











































































































































































































































































































































































307.1








175.1








206.4









 INC.



























































 except per share data)
















































536.2








522.2








548.8








699.9








































































































































































































































































270.2








541.4








586.8








776.7




































































































































































































































 the sum of the four quarters may not be the same as the total for the year.







 2016.












 as well as jointly and severally
. The guarantees of the Guarantor Subsidiaries are subject to release in limited circumstances
 only upon the occurrence of certain customary conditions. There are no significant restrictions on the ability of the parent company or any guarantor to obtain funds from its subsidiaries by dividend or loan. The following supplemental consolidating financial information presents the results of operations
 financial position
 and cash flows of the parent company
 its Guarantor Subsidiaries
 its non-guarantor subsidiaries and the eliminations necessary to arrive at the information for the Company on a consolidated basis as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015. The equity method has been used with respect to investments in subsidiaries. The principal elimination entries eliminate investments in subsidiaries and intercompany balances and transactions. 



 INC.




 2017




























































































































































































































 net












































 net






































































































132.4
























484.7






 plant
 and equipment
 net














108.7
























294.4




















057.3
























182.0












945.5
























528.1














 net
























































































 net


















































877.0








807.6
















575.3








779.3








































































































































































































































533.8
































535.7




































































































263.3








945.5
















528.1








263.3












877.0








807.6
















575.3








779.3








 INC.




 2016




























































































































































































































 net












































 net


















































































































































282.9
























560.7






 plant
 and equipment
 net














181.0
























359.3




















330.8
























447.2












031.5
























550.9














 net
























































































 net














018.0
























178.6












360.6








135.2
















571.6








545.8








































































































































































































































722.3
































724.8




































































































503.3








031.5
















550.9








503.3












360.6








135.2
















571.6








545.8







 2017


























































966.9
























307.1




















975.7
























223.1












































084.0






 general
 and administrative expense




































































































































 net
















































































































































































 net





























































































































































































































 INC.





 2016


























































839.0
























175.1




















810.2
























049.7




















028.8
























125.4






 general
 and administrative expense




































































































































 net
















































































































































































 net





























































































































































































































 2015


























































023.0
























206.4




















434.1
























562.1


















































 general
 and administrative expense




































































































































 net
















































































































































































 net






























































































































































































































 INC.




 2017

















































































































































































 net of tax


















































































































































































 2016

















































































































































































 net of tax


















































































































































































 2015

















































































































































































 net of tax



















































































































































































 INC.




 2017







































































































047.1










































































 plant
 and equipment















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 beginning of period












































 end of period














































 INC.




 2016

















































































































































































 plant
 and equipment




































































































































 less cash acquired






687.7
































644.4





































































































284.3
































831.3
























































580.3
































577.0









































































































































































































































475.1
































377.7































































































 beginning of period












































 end of period














































 INC.




 2015

















































































































































































 plant
 and equipment




































































































































 less cash acquired











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 beginning of period












































 end of period






















































On January 31
 2018
 the Company announced its intention to close its remaining operations in Battle Creek Michigan. In November 2016
 the Company announced its initial decision to downsize the Battle Creek facility. Following completion of the first phase of downsizing
 it was determined that the remaining operations would not be economically viable. Current production at Battle Creek will be moved to other cereal manufacturing facilities. The decision is consistent with the August 2017 announcement of TreeHouse 2020. The costs to close the remainder of the Battle Creek facility are expected to be approximately $15.2 million
 of which approximately $8.8 million is expected to be in cash. Components of the charges include non-cash asset write-offs of approximately $6.4 million
 employee-related costs of approximately $2.4 million
 and other closure costs of approximately $6.4 million. Total expected costs to close decreased $14.8 million since the initial announcement due to revised estimates. 



On February 15
 2018
 the Company announced the planned closure of its Visalia
 California facility by the end of the first quarter of 2019. The plant primarily produces pretzels and cereal snack mixes for the Baked Goods segment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Current pretzel production will be moved to other TreeHouse manufacturing facilities prior to the plant closure.&nbsp;&nbsp;The decision is consistent with the August 2017 announcement of TreeHouse 2020. The costs to close the Visalia facility are expected to be approximately $21 million
 of which approximately $8 million is expected to be in cash. Components of the charges include non-cash asset write-offs of approximately $13 million
 employee-related costs of approximately $3 million
 and other closure costs of approximately $5 million.





















 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31
 2017
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the 1934 Act is (1) recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms
 and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 in a manner that allows timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 2017
 which have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


 as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the 1934 Act. The Company&#8217;s management

 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The scope of management&#8217;s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
Based on this evaluation
 the Company&#8217;s management has concluded that
 as of December&#160;31
 2017
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting was effective.

 Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP
 has issued an attestation report on the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017. This report is included with this Form 10-K.

 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.















 Inc. 


 Inc.&#160;&#160;and subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December 31
 2017
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017
 based on criteria established in 

 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2017
 of the Company and our report dated February 20
 2018
 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.


 included in the accompanying Management&#8217;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
 and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#8217;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.



 IL&#160;&#160;

 2018










Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

 

 by our executive officers and directors
 persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock
 and their affiliates who are required to comply with such reporting requirements
 is included in our 2018 Proxy Statement under the headings
 and is incorporated herein by reference. Information about the Audit Committee Financial Expert is included in our 2018 Proxy Statement under the heading

 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Compensation Committee


 which is applicable to all of our employees and directors
 is available on our corporate website at http://www.treehousefoods.com
 along with the Corporate Governance Guidelines of our Board of Directors and the charters of the Committees of our Board of Directors. Any waivers that we may grant to our executive officers or directors under the Code of Ethics
 and any amendments to our Code of Ethics
 will be posted on our corporate website. Any of these items or any of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available in print to any shareowner who requests them. Requests should be sent to Investor Relations
 TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 2021 Spring Road
 Suite 600
 Oak Brook
 IL 60523.









 Compensation Discussion and Analysis
 Executive Compensation
incorporated herein by reference. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this report
 the 







The information required by this item is included in the 2018 Proxy Statement under the heading
 






Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

 








 






























































Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2017 and 2016











Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015











Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015











Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015











Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015

























































































Agreement
 dated as of November 1
 2015
 between ConAgra Foods
 Inc. and TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 1
 2015.























Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 as amended April 28
 2011
 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28
 2011.























Amended and Restated By-Laws of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28
 2011.























Form of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Common Stock Certificate is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Commission on June 9
 2005.



































Indenture
 dated March 2
 2010
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 2
 2010.























Fourth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of March 11
 2014
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 11
 2014.























Fifth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of March 11
 2014
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 11
 2014.























Sixth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of July 29
 2014
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to our Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 18
 2016.























Seventh Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of August 25
 2014
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to our Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 18
 2016.























Eighth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of December 31
 2015
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to our Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 18
 2016.























Ninth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of January 29
 2016
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors part thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 29
 2016.























Tenth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of February 1
 2016
&nbsp;&nbsp;among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors part thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 29
 2016.























Employment Agreement
 dated January 27
 2005
 by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Sam K. Reed is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Commission on May 13
 2005.























Employment Agreement
 dated January 27
 2005
 by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Thomas E. O&#8217;Neill is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Commission on May 13
 2005.








































Form of Memorandum of Amendment to Stockholders Agreement and Employment Agreements of Sam K. Reed
 David B. Vermylen
 E. Nichol McCully
 Thomas E. O&#8217;Neill
 and Harry J. Walsh is incorporated by reference to 
ion on June 9
 2005.























TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 3
 2005.



































Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of February 1
 2016
 between the Company and Bank of America
 N.A. and the other lenders party thereto is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 29
 2016.












Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of December 1
 2017
 between the Company and Bank of America
 N.A. and the other lenders party thereto is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 5
 2017.























Amendments to and a restatement of our 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan which was renamed the &#8220;TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan&#8221; is incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Schedule 14A (Proxy Statement) dated February 27
 2007.























Amendment to the TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission August 8
 2007.























First Amendment to the January 27
 2005 Employment Agreement by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Sam K. Reed is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.























First Amendment to the January 27
 2005 Employment Agreement by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Thomas E. O&#8217;Neill is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.























Employment Agreement by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Dennis F. Riordan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.























First Amendment to the TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.























Second Amendment to the TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.























TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Executive Severance Plan
 amended and restated as of February 21
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 21
 2014.























First Amendment to Employment Agreement
 date April 21
 2009
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Dennis F. Riordan is Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 21
 2009.























Form of employee Cash Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission August 6
 2009.























Form of employee Performance Unit Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission August 6
 2015.























Form of employee Restricted Stock Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission August 6
 2009.























Form of employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission August 6
 2015.























Form of employee Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission August 6
 2015.




























Form of non-employee director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission August 6
 2015.























Form of non-employee director Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission August 6
 2009.























Third Amendment to the TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of our Form 10-K filed with the Commission February 21
 2013.



































Amended and Restated TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company&#8217;s Definitive Proxy Statement dated March 2
 2015.























Second Amendment to Employment Agreement
 dated January 27
 2005
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Sam K. Reed
 dated February 24
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 21
 2014.























Second Amendment to Employment Agreement
 dated January 27
 2005
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Thomas E. O&#8217;Neill
 dated February 24
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 21
 2014.























Second Amendment to Employment Agreement
 dated November 8
 2007
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Dennis F. Riordan
 dated February 21
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 21
 2014.



































Employment Offer Letter
 dated November 2
 2016
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Matthew J. Foulston is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 3
 2016.












Employment Agreement
 dated November 2
 2016
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Matthew J. Foulston is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 3
 2016.























TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated effective February 14
 2017 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission May 4
 2017.












Employment Agreement between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 and Robert B. Aiken
 dated June 12
 2017 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 13
 2017.












Employment Agreement between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 and Dennis F. Riordan
 dated July 10
 2017 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission August 8
 2017







































































Consent of Independent Registered Accounting Firm
 Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP.






















































































































































































































































































 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.








 INC.






































 2018



Pursuant to the requirements of the 1934 Act
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.































































 2018




























































 2018




























































 2018
















































 2018
















































 2018
















































 2018
















































 2018
















































 2018








































 II








 2018




 II












































 2018
































TREEEHOUSE FOODS
 INC.


 2017
 2016 and 2015
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































ths-ex121_70.htm






 INC.





































































































































































































































 net of amortization





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 2017 and 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 our earnings were insufficient to cover our fixed charges by approximately $524.5 million and $196.9 million
 respectively.













ths-ex211_71.htm






 INC.

 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company

 Inc. a Wisconsin corporation

 Inc.
 a Minnesota corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a New York corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 Ltd.
 a British Columbia
 Canada corporation

 Inc.
 a British Columbia
 Canada corporation

 an Ontario
 Canada corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a Missouri corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a Georgia corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 a California corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 a Delaware corporation

 a British Columbia
 Canada corporation

 an Ontario
 Canada corporation

 S.r.l.
 a Brescia
 Italy limited liability company













ths-ex231_10.htm








 333-150053
 333-183321
 and 333-206161 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February&#160;20
 2018
 relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 and the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting
 appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December&#160;31
 2017.


 Illinois

 2018
















ths-ex311_9.htm









 Sam K. Reed
 certify that:









 Inc.;









 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by the report;









 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


















 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;









 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;









 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and









 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and









 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):









 process
 summarize
 and report financial information; and









 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.

 2018



































ths-ex312_8.htm









 Matthew J. Foulston
 certify that:









 Inc.;









 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by the report;









 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


















 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;









 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;









 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and









 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and









 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):









 process
 summarize
 and report financial information; and









 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.

 2018



































ths-ex321_7.htm










 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
 2017
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Sam K. Reed
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


















 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.





















 2018















ths-ex322_6.htm










 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
 2017
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Matthew J. Foulston
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


















 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.





















 2018











begin 644 g201802200602540972254.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 $! 5$# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH

M#K'QNE[XZL_%

VIPR





PU\%L+:&<SP(QVB5YHC(SR0.<'VK?\ #'Q!

MC+@

MG2IY(]9L+'&FZJMCJLML'V)'(N8Y4+'CD-D$'H.1F@#UNBN3\+^*KKQ)XE\1



6HSBX\U0K






MB6^OW\UJ\)BMC(D8-KG=EDPO)RV?FST%=;10!D^&O#]IX6\/VFCV.XPVZD;W


HZ9=QW=Q/_9^G
M/IRQRA=LB,[.2W'7YB*[6B@#B]*^'QT6:VBT_P 2ZQ#I-O.)X]-5T\L<[MF[
M;NV$]5SC!(J6+P#WB6SUG4=8O\ 4C8.[V4%SLQ 6_VE4
V!TW$UU]% '*^)


M3


5W!



MK5VMQ! FGW6GZBL0W(FP-.6.XL


8^8]
M*[:B@#C;[P 'U;4=0TCQ!JFC-J1#7D5F4V2/C&\;E.UL=2
'/-6(? MG#JNM



)%[KEAPZJ9US^0KN?B_X'MFVG61(?^F4$



M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 -DD2&-I)75(T!9F8X  ZDFHK.^M=1M

M-N:K77@?Q++'H

MR]NM1O);R]N)+BYE.YY9&RS'ZUVT
(Y^]/1&%2LHZ([7Q=\6/$/BAY((9FT[





U%M!@NM0N(-'6Z-U+=37&)2R*RR1











)B57A?









M2.#284M$23*



MY^.^*/I^H5T/A*5?[26V_LO3[L2
&FFO4+)!$OWVZ@*

M5F;?R[G E6:!) P'0?


M-5W




*KBY-

M5WGIA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4A(52Q. !DTM9?B.Z-
MEX;U&X!P4@;!]R
#^=-*[L*3Y4V?/OB3P)J?B+7]0U;3=8TK46NYWE$(G\F0
M#/ VOCH
=ZXW4_?B'1N=0T:]@7^^8BR'Z,,BNWP,8(S5^SUG4]/_P/2_N(

&
MLN?POX*O\F
:KI$A_N



B_;4M -U

MGIA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5R_Q!F



^K.FEPOC9_%:/



/B3?S.X/C#PY:X^P^$EF8'B2_O'?_P =7 J%_B5K
8*Z

M




MC@M(S(8WE'FR 







M;-TEC9#^(Q7


M7^QV

M;5DU/6Y+2XUV-KY:V32
;T8/D'G[N

'-2U%EP;FX$:GU5!_BQKPOK?P)HQT'P3I5@ZA95A#RC_;;YC_/'X5T8



.!N'//-




$.DVZ3;,'VG?=2K_P M9/\ XD=!530K#^Q-.%_,N-1N
MTQ IZPQ'JWU;M[4ZOB.)LVO_ +'2?^+_ _S/L^'LKY5]:JK5[?YA115JUTZ






]37=1CRQ]3Y?
Z_M:UEM'3_
VJ

ML21OY^&96&/).)




#X/!OAV.R7:]W+

M4XY+





QP !R36SX
MB\


M$?[1[G\*])HHKTHQ459'S-:M.M-SGN%%%%49!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0W5K;WML]M=0I+#(







%#[-_5F
\SQ


6
.=Q!^\X&T;CP370:
1QSJ3F[S=R'_A8FC+J=U9317D(MY+F(SO&
MC/;H'E P2WG(R!GZUAVGQ%N[_6FB6);6RDO]/@MUF@WR/'


MX/KDUHZ;H=EI5W?WD D:ZOY%DN)I7+
Y4;5'L . * -*BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#VC6_$VC^'
M/(_M:\^S^?N\O]T[[MN,_=!QU'6LG_A9O@__ *__DM-_P#$5R7QM_Y@7_;Q




M/^%N^!O^@Y_Y*3__ !%?+E%'UB0?V/0[O\/\CZC_ .%N^!O^@Y_Y*3__ !%'



*\



M^8_[(H=W^'^1Z'_PDVD?\_?_ )?_C_ (2;2/\ G[_\A/\ X5P$

EQ
D
2

(*L5/4'!I_ZQ8NU^6-O1_YB_LG#WMS/\/\CT+_ (2;2/\ G[_\
MA/\ X4?\)-I'_/W_ .0G_P *\\HI?ZQXK^6/W/\ S'_9%#N_P_R/0_\ A)M(
M_P?O_R$_P#A3XO$.E33)%'=;G=@JCRVY)Z=J\YJWI?_ %[+_KNG_H0JZ7$

M&


@@]Q@U9UG0+O0Q;?:WA)N$+A8V)*







M?\ 0=_\E)__ (BOE:BCZC3[L/K$CZI_X7!X$_Z#O_DI/_\ $4?\+@\?]!W
9;
MW,2S1/@C<C $'!Y'![U\2U]B^_^1$\/?]@RV_\ 12US8G#QI).)K2J.;U.!

M-)#

ERXMR[6_)':+-'JGAGQ%;QV4.G1VT

^V9]Q4(Y=F]20 0

%M8' 5E
9#
6L;7#E
M0N


NAVRSZF]C/9(SZ?;6:R17A=?WF3Y@W
22/NDC KSQ=0O4E@


MZIIL316.I7EK&QW

&=?DUZXGG2 QM#)<$DQ3%\%4STRN<J
=*Y2YO;N\N?M-U=3SW''[V
Z





&F1:





]JWI?&U
K6MA)86^IWL-G)G?;

M#^7F4G4H[(25)!(.13:**R.T**** OJ/X1?\DOT?\ [;?^CI*^7*^H_A%_



ML69CDDG))I*XJDE*;DMF=


LK/M^F3Q3KC5



*^5OC!_R5/6?^V'_ *(CKZIKY6^
'_)4]9_[8?\ HB.ML#_$?H7B
M/A

4J\AN5SUXXQS76'3XO!P\:0Z3

U2]LED(+BVN'C#$
M=
[2




M;LA
5J!)M0(



]P[HI P

U\7_ &#.IS^R^9UA\S?NV_[0QC;^M<C_P *
M73_H8Q_X!_\ VRO5+GJOXU7KPZEE*3<EK\RJF$HU).4HZ_
\S_X4NG_ $
8
M_P# /_[91_PI=/\ H8Q_X!__ &RNW;Q'I:ZI_9QGD

M&

M
/\ R_B_\SS_ /X4NG_0QC_P#_\ ME'_  I=/^AC'_@'_P#;*]
HH^K4?Y?Q
M8?4
/_+^+_S/
_\ A2Z?]#&/_ /_ .V4?\*73_H8Q_X!_P#VRO3**/JU'^7\
M6'U##_R_B_\ 
\S_ .%+I_T
8_\  /\ ^V4?\*73_H8Q_P ?_VRO3**/JU'
M^7\6'U##_P OXO\ S/,_^%+I_P!#&/\ P#_^V4?\*73_ *&,?^ ?_P!LKTRB
MCZM1_E_%A]0P_P#+^+_S/,_^%+I_T,8_\ __ +91_P *73_H8Q_X!_\ VRO3
M**/JU'^7\6'U##_R_B_\S!\#^U\(?;\:D+S[5Y?2'R]FW=_M'.=WZ5UU5[;
MJWX58KJIQC&*4=CIITXTXJ


\C_P%!Q?]#6O_ ( C_P.

M8ZN)A:/+O@8++%- \
B$C(RC@
 1T.

Q/\_X+_(\I_P%!Q?]#6O_

M #JH0C%W2


Q/\ /^_R
[_ (0Y/^@F
M/^_/_P!E1_PAR?\ 03'_ 'Y_^RK?HH_LC _\^_Q?^8?7L3_/^_R,#_A#D_Z
M8_[\_\ V5'_  AR?]!


7_ (0Y/^@F
M/^_/_P!E1_PAR?\ 03'_ 'Y_^RK?JGJFI0Z39?:IUD:/S8HL1@$Y=U0=2.
L
M




MM1_E_%G
_P#L(?^@^G_ (##_P+H_X5A#_T'T_\!A_\774?:HPMN2LO[\@)


UJ=P^K4?Y?Q9R'_  K'_H/I_X##_XNC_A6$/\ T'T_\!A_







;6SD?



\7;V.I3KJLD.CO;&
;:EH+V3ZA!9:7.--F




M

MVXH=YVC Z_*:74-'CBD\3@Z/OU6[T@^7=06)/FN8F#@2*N-Q;'RDY/'!KT*B

GH:Z_PX9&\
M.6!EL([!_)7-M''Y:Q^P0\J.^T\C.#6@T\*3I TJ:12R1EAN8#&2!U(&1GZ
MBI* 2BBBD
***CAGAN%9H94E579&*


MU

UWE49-9TJ&^2QEU*S2\D?8ENTZB1FP#@+G).&4



:0@NOW4_AVYE
MCA=G!0TWB1 %WA6.0!P




K
M#8[V.TX7 V$;5Q@_


MK[

0P4'..1S


A45MRF5SS73-'GN;%+.XTYC8?VXKKM@]M%Y!@Y


MI=P7#0.8


M:N
#Y2

MJH*[ %SA@W0[CG-_X276-/TFVU3^U%U%K_2)[XV[1(([9E,NT!O+&\J0Q8
M\#GK7=-HVEOJBZHVFV;:@HPMV8%
H&
8#XST)'6DM-&TNPFN)K/3;.WDN3F=
MX8%0RGD_


M!1110 4444 %%%% %BVZM^%6*KVW5OPJQ6L=AA6/J3R1_:'AB\V54)2/=MWG

2

OB#3=-LM2D

@'L#@9^@H'8\^3Q%J^I:/)??VLNF




M:0TK:9I=E9-+CS#;6Z1E\=
[0
]35^ANX)6BBBD,**** BBB@ IR?ZQ?J*


MD\
3%Q.CR1IM/S*FW<<].-R_G18+G(VV


(#


=I.0P XX.#F&+Q;=OX:76I['3[*9E$!



:M6WA9;;3Y]-_M?49=.DMFMH[






8OW?DRDAF'*KP
GC&
Y&
M





MP


+:]NGT/4Y++6[=X+50+/6Y+^:)VE 9BSJFY
M3C;T^4\#FIO$\MSIVL'3UU..QMH[)383ZAKLUJ/-+/N;=M;SR/DRKD@#'&&K

R'S(V0





UREPPGNF^R%?*=05D41Y#?-C





HCVE4V\X
@SDC



M40-A'SF
;N?[7_JM3;4-OE]<QM'LZ_PUG/MTHL_FGVX

M!DD







GF*K(3AUR
6DES''B4(/OJ S$8)7Y7GD<=:=;^$

MTN4&PA-DDZF*PLOL\3F0KR$W-MQMYY.3Z4: 6+7Q)9W;V


T/CC7M299EM\HENLB%5#.JM
R$]02L?([AJZ


R_C_.L









8US$$
M//%H=\]M;/<SK;N8X$<JTAVG@C!!/MS6YJ/6/\?Z51K1;&
OB/*K7
21I-
DO%\\A!\T:
N)

M\@=I\QOY*





;1G.[VZ\5G-X$1M/N[-]0

4CQC (


RG
@55^90 2&R?N]:PO#WA/4+SP



;H5(/&/G
MSWZ5)/H.CW5C#8W&DV




M&//.P+\Y)QD]

CNKFTA2-O
FW
?<U9@L;2UV?9[6'9$(4
M\N


M?2G4V3_5M]*;V


H/$$D?DS:=IL


)!!&#U
MR
 $7B.]D\76










]Y+I]Y=W%K^]CMU@/EJY/E@'SMP:/




406(#RT.


A5+
Q)


M4C*%!M)Z9S)CKP1BM6ZUC3+%[=+O4;2W:Y.(!+.J&7I]W)^;J.GJ*PK#3KVY




X/3
@TG4K.#3I=
M-8&H
M:1WDNI+3:JR2AI%F56QM.-P\L9'UR*+L+(ZU=6TY]1?3DUU:^0;GMA
IE4


MC.L16EM'/%JCQ3Z/!8W





[3@LH''7D5):^+]&NM2M-.^V01WMU;BXCA:



M9G

MEW7_ !\O^'\JU*R[K_CY?\/Y4V73W.=\0W5U'-I5C:W;67VZZ
+W**K.@$;O


OE+$_F



MBBB@ HHHH *T[3_CV7\?YUF5IVG_ ![+^/\ .FB*FQ/39/\ 5M]*=39/]6WT


W3))R0


MXDU*\N)R=!MK&YDCA1%R[0-&K/NZY+
ZX) ^4'O4MG\05N;6_E%O87+V
4=S
M
--U$72B%B0QW!!\ZA2=F.1C!K87PAI8MH+9Q-)!%8/I^QG^_&Y4LS$#.\E0

MC()%56GU4+;@$=6E9 5.1C 1N2


MHX[J%9E1^J[AG!^E4--\+66ERVDD4]U(]J+D*TKABWGR1RW')R./ZT:-H,F
MCW*1QWDS:?;645I;P,^?NDEG88 W'(' Z#WX3L-7-RBBBD,**** BBB@ IR

$9!ZBM%L8R^(X?5K6\\W0K8^(9;J9]21EN#%#YL



ML%*D

=:RKC0=2F35I7M(C=7.H6
ZLC*-RQ^3O().0 5DP#SZ=:V;9D
MD=0FJ:?)J
FG1W]J]]&NY[99E
BCCDKG('([=ZH7OB73X+:=[.YMKV:WN(8)

MT78[(ZR76])MRHFU2RC+3&!0]P@S(.J#)^]R..O-7ZX9=

K


:23
&



W
ME\VXMRN^-L%3C<K*002".?I2--3$7QDRQ.;G33%)'!<LZ+-O_ 'T# &,'
M;R&# JW&1V%-_P$V\RSBEM]/\R62VMY/*

M-.DLK*VDDN'-K=?:_.9E+S2$DMOXP0Q/(  Z 8 H7PAIZ66H6R2W2_;+K[5Y


MV6: +E4)0X.XGE20

M

^W%0:7X4MM+OK6

(D&Q3

G.-V5)!&YL$$9S@Y'%32




M:7;-.6GB


*T[3_ (]E_'^=
M9E:=I_Q[+^/\Z:(J;$]-D_U;?2G4V3_5M]*;V
EN4:XD^(-1TSQ!K[O:&YTR



MXK:MO!]K;:E;W:ZAJ#16UU+=06K.GE1R2!]_1-S9\QC\S''; XJ23PI:-I.F

%903E2#]\G&

M=)4O]2%O AB8*V)2A+$EE*C:
C).
4^;QY++IDFHZ5I*WEO;Z:NH7/F70B9%
M8
55?E8
?D;)R!CIG.*TAX1@ACMVM-2UUO86E9KV,QM++YC!I-X9ARP!X4
M8P


D\(6]U<XDO;Z)7EM[B6UCD3RFFBV;6/R

#NP& '0M4




EA\R'RA


;L;LCE6 [
[M[*ZGC32KF?SY'W?NU\HD0_<(RY;KTX.=9-=U%]0UB1VL;;3M-B5V6X1Q




#SM/3Y3SC




MNDGV.W
$-W_:US

M26/#?NS#LV


M3U'J*EL_$6EWYQ!._


JXMI=BF0 H'?;M1F!&%8@\CCD
M4OB'7/[#.F.P!AN;SR)?W;.VWRW8;%7DL2H  !SG&*Q9O!\HU^XF6V2ZT^YN


'@X--B\4V4^
MNVVFP)/




^IIW0K
PK7

N'2)F5@&!Z


MUC
GX[</A31K?4H]0BM9!/'

'*1



/O9.-O
2^*=7^S





_LJSOIQ=Q&[0LD LYFEX +$($W%1
MD?-C'(YY%.@\
6MM80P1370DAM/LR_Z5+Y9^7;N





M_#^0JZ6XJFQ6HHHKH
0HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KH+;_ (]8



4K

MX&S!
8Z?-D_*?F]-NXU;4]'NI[-M;?4$ L)OM
L42M&);@1NIV*%VLN2
C(Y
.X




 ;B
X&






6=[:*]94\F25<[D'S;^JL
E05X)R,U
MY_

6D/

M






MVG_'LOX_SK



]R+F.W

MX D[MHY!YR;-UX6F?4;C4K34$AO6O5NX&DM_



L
4Q7)+
]^'\-TT4QDTZXN([BZE U'3A<PE9Y/,(V%P0
MRG #!AWXYXNMX5E?4=&G\W3((=,[%M-.






@4
%=/G&


M4C!2*.5E&2S(O  &
[CZ'!(CN/!%O)XFFU=(='E$\R3RB^TL3S*R@ ^7+O4H
M

MON/-)6
H Q'S
+YT@B-KHM\URM\EK<VLGDB2/< 1SYH4[@1@
MAB/7&*GU#PJ;VYDN8[[R9_(MDA;RMWER0R

N6
@CV_
N



M+

M2U
 ;!)#29=M[X(&[CC]%J&AN4444Q!1110 4444 7M.ZR?A_6K]4-.ZR?A_
M6K]9RW-H;!6'?_\ '[)^'\A6Y6'?_P#'[)^'\A5TMQ5-BM111708A1110 44

M



8)=5R
MV!(3QTQFKUM\0K:[UT:= NG




M!O%IT.YU
W4\3M+?P6]O]NO/(@CS:QNVZ0@[1PQX!)8].2:ZGPYKD7B'1UOX
MA$/WCQ/Y

ML5K'885EW7_'R_X?RK4K'U*+S_M$/F/'YB%-\9PRY&

MUW-'+* Z1I'$ 7=W8*JC) R20.2!ZFH/[?L(+%+G4Y5TG=NS%J$J1





.1S@'=FLOB'2A;V
MS?6


MR_$)+8+BPD5-6F0D9695
7
MYOEY^7S/+^3=C^[QT[YK7I%!1110 5IVG_'LOX_SK
K3M/\ CV7\?YTT14V)




0L(F



9;


M6X#R20@
RQJ%YQQDC[OJZX\.:R^DQV(L$W6NEW]BLD;JJSLXC\M\%L@O@DYZ
M-G)Z$FH61U%OXDM#_:3WSPV-O8RQQM//
*M#M;G3H

'(! [GIE?$5K=O-I5[:V;7OV&[
KVR
BLX
;IE=YY!8'DCOS
M7*'PQK#:7-$NFISVVK(L*2IM4SNIB4'('(!^G?% *QW
6LZ7/%-+#J5G)'!


;\XZ\=:YC5O#

H%/E7!9QC/0(?ZH]7\/:L^J7=]:1WJFJI=HMJT'F
2S&^
M: RQR2D'.(ODY^;[OKSUJWX?M]1M=7U&
VUY;Z2Q
D4=V\+$2L[
YC
;$[#G


6K
M:E$UM=/=6LBF(M;E@P*KF
LOD7<!=I%+$7+!I
M3MZ@CC]<UQ





52M/$FISZEHZ7DZ9;WMNC%+BSE8R3'=NB#[E$3#: Z
MDMGCD&NM)P:0'/MX0M!(DMO?7]K,LT\AEA= SK,^^2,Y4_+G&


##JLG
M@'3VTY;'4-2MX#8BPF$








Y6&
3NH1I0HW
QDMS'O]3L-*A6;4;ZVLXF<(

\9

\=:@U?P/8ZSJ -S;V[6L6G?9+9


7
L.L10/ B

R7

9&Z2*BB CRXRH=1D9)P3D9.5H.[-.P\9Z==Z(FISQW=L
MKS&%8FM)B[ODX+L#2' )^4'&#GH:L2^+-&AL[:Y:ZD*7)<1JEM*S_)P^Y N

M\36OAS4]
 6*YY KHX',MO%(V,N@
M8X]Q7!#P=KUIH,NG6<FFNUYHR:=</-(X$3HK@,@_


RIMVN8PVPL-J_-C.!CI7
CQU



M.G/2J\_A;2)T53!-$R32S+);W4L






+$R;XARN
MW/E\



UOY2


 MW5;J51*@R0)

/
(+






:=@3(?WG&/G4



MB^


M.93O:0K'M*X_C!+;O]G;W)H+4GT_QK8?V%IEWJLOE75U:)=2K;V\LB1*?XG*

M@ HHHH **** BBB@]IW63\/ZU?JAIW63\/ZU?K.6YM#8*P[_\ X_9/P_D*
MW*P[_P#X_9/P_D*NEN*IL5J***Z#$**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


'/?@5IT5-P

+(;AQ
M)
SRO(TCA0NXLQ))P!D]^IYIZZ18II]U8K!BVNFE:9-[?

?N+R<GBMB@E<


F_?@;




*R[K_ (^7_#^5:E9=U_Q\O^'\J;+I[D-%%%2;!111







 _P!ZD?QC:17SVSV5
M\R0SPV\]TL:B*)Y50IGYMQ!
@' .#UP
$T[_ 
%SZA=7
LNH6ZB33Y;!)([
MB=U= H

M- U)(O%D
VL1V:9J!ADDFC2](B$+&+A_P/?P01]WG!(R.:O:)JXURP6^CL

1D=*ZVN8

MF2%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 7M.ZR?A_6K]4-.ZR?A_6K]9RW-
MH;!6'?\ _'[)^'\A6Y6'?_\ '[)^'\A5TMQ5-BM111708A1110 4444 %%%%










M?R%72W%4V*U%%%=!B%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %=!;?\ 'K%_


$'((P?IGCK5V]T9I;K03
M:E$@TVX+LK




TK19[JVN5FN&L&O



@!C5


I.
M
$KR


M:!J;GAG6CKVERWO[LI]KGBC



M-ET]R&BBBI-@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K3M/^/9?Q_G696G:


(H$
M0@ _

@4*



M BBB@ HHHH O:=UD_#^M7ZH:=UD_#^M7ZSEN;0VL.__P/V3\/YMRL.__
M ./V3\/YKI;BJ;%:BBBN@QBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** N@MO








1#_SR3_OD4<P<C*FG=9/P_K5^FK&B?=4+


end








begin 644 g201802200602555272256.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 'W H@# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

^D<02)'Y?DL'EWMM0HI&65
MCP.*T=

MWB/0/LEG8:+#I/E32!FGECD#^:A7HHVC!R#GI5/1;#Q?HFL6UYIF@I;6VHL@

WC[P]!KZZ.]W)YS3?9_.$+

RXVA@!TSQ735Y3J
-







MV$BL[\#&57)SD*,#J: .M/Q\
+KUQH[ZD
MJW-N'
8^==1VD<1@82-)(H=!M]AW
M9]*XJT\,Z_)XCMM'NM&06-MKUQK$FH&0-#+%(&Q&%QDM^\((/'RU'J_AO6=(
MUV74?^B?9K737%O:QK&)'8O'^\G56/S?=BB&3PN[@8!H ]@HJII<E[+I-G)



M;QVUNZK#)$HC9C)G[[*3G:/7I5K^V=5_Z%?4/_ BV_\ CM &W16)_;.J_P#0



UH?VSJO_0KZA_X$6W_ 
=H

M_P#':/[9U7_H5]0_\+;_P.T ;=%8G]LZK_ -OJ'_@1;?_ !VC^V=5_PA
M7U#_ 
+;_X[0!MT5RM[J&OS:AILT'AW4$A@E=IT^U6X\Q3&R@8\SGYB#SZ5
M?_MG5?\ H5]0_P# BV_^.T ;=%8G]LZK_P!OJ'_ ($6W_QVC^V=5_Z%?4/_


=H
M VZ*Q/[9U7_H5]0_\+;_P.T?VSJO\ T*^H?^!%M_\ ': -NBL3^V=5_PA
M7U#_ ,+;_X[1_;.J_\ 0KZA_P!%M_\=H VZ*YJYNM;U&\TV./1KVQBCNUD
MGEDN(=ICMD$(Y)R2.


M_ Z;_P+H_L&R_OWO_@=-_\ %T7EV\NWX_\ TZ*S/[!LO[][_X'3?\ Q=']
M@V7]^]_\#IO_ (NB\NP7EV_'_@&G169_8-E_?O?_  .F_P#BZ/[!LO[][_X'
M3?\ Q=%Y=@O+M^/_  #3HK
_L&R_OWO_ ('3?_%T?V#9?W[W_P #IO\ XNB\
MNP7EV_'_ (!IT5F?V#9?W[W_ 








M5?\ Q?'_/'7_\ P)D_^.T?\+%\(?\ /'7_ /P)D_\ CM'UF'=??_P ^N4_



G_QVC_A8OA#_GCK_P#X
M$R?_ !VCZS#NOO\ ^ 'URG_


M!TW_ 

M 
 TZ*S/[!LO[][_ .!TW_Q=']@V7]^]_P# Z;_XNB\NP7EV_'_@&G17/ZQI
M-O::+?7







#_ /^OF=/_P *5O/^@W!_X#G_ .*H_P%*WG_

MS#VF!_D?]?


**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M#.\0?\BYJ?\ UZR?^@FM!?NCZ5G^(/\ D7-3_PO63_T$UH+]T?2I^T0OC?]
M=Q:***HL*RO$G_(F_WX_P#T8M:M97B3_D!3?[\?_HQ:F?PLBI\#]#5HHHJB
MPHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

FZKKNE:'$DNJZC:V4<A
<:W?





ME[(]NP;4XV@GH3V)KTGPVKPZAJ]E?\ ]HM8I':26+WD++U@7S00
8?/R]O
M2@ U+_A&/^$WU/\ X2'^SM_V.U\G[9MSC

M#X]G?2K



MK)_Z:T%^Z/I4_:(7QO^NXM%%%46%97B3_D!3?[\?_HQ:U:RO$G_  IO]^/


M/;Q2(1L9.&!QUW#^(\\ =*KV_@?6+75+C58+RSCOY-0-VK R;=C9WQ
.X/'/

_C;2M


;C=*A
L#G.[


U:MI-5@OY([\

T+NFY7##!1AUP?4=

Y
MQT-=/IVIVFJP&:SD9XP0


M7=1TW1K2WD&FLBW


?CZW?P:NL&





MG_Q-'_G?#O_ #\ZC_W]3_XFL^3&=S+DQ_\ -^1@?\+JN_\ H0?^!!_^)H_
MX75=_P#0$@_\#_\36__ ,*=\._\_.H_]_4_^)H_X4[X=_Y^=1_[^I_\31R8
MSN')C_YOR,#_ (75=_\ 0$@_\#_ /$T?\+JN_\ H0?^!!_^)K?_P%.^'?
M^?G4?^_J?_$T?\*=\._\_.H_]_4_^)HY
9W#DQ_\WY&!_P +JN_^@)!_X$'_








%@7CL9XKA(AG
M$TH61 OF



:3---80BSEF2&X2VMU(W.=H+J.HR0.?6M!=-T:*
MXDNDL;!)ER'F$2!AD8.3C/(.* /+]2\1ZKJ9\/RZDJ6S1^(;!8)HI!$9HI$)







[%QP

0$  

M]7N;NT@AM;@[H-\@EN%9F+.ID !9
,#VK*_P%
:Q_T$['


M4**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

M1?\ Q5:?F)_?7\Z/





M?VCJ?_0#G_\  B+_ .*K3\Q/[Z_G1YB?WU_.CE??\@Y'W?X?Y&9_:.I_] .?

M?\@Y'W?X?Y&9_:.I_P#0#G_\(O_ (JC^T=3_P@'/\ ^!$7_P 56GYB?WU_


M[1U/_H!S_P#@1%_\56GYB?WU_.CS$_OK^='*^_Y!R/N_P_R

MX$1?_%4?VCJ?_0#G_P# B+_XJM/S$_OK^='F)_?7\Z.5]_R#D?=_A_D9G]HZ
8G]]?SHY7W_(.1]W^'^1P%SID&M^,-2EU+PR;N6.UME57
MG3,8S+WW8Y_I5C_A$='_ .A'3_P(3_XJMNP=/^$SUH[E_P/6T[^\U;GF)_?
8G]]?SJN5]_R+Y'W?X?Y
M&9_:.I_] .?_ ,(O_BJ/[1U/_H!S_\ @1%_\56GYB?WU_.CS$_OK^='*^_Y
M!R/N_P /\C

MH_M'4_\ H!S_ /@1%_\ %5I^8G]]?SH\Q/[Z_G1ROO\ D'(^[_#_ ,S^T=3
M_P@'/\ ^!$7_P 51_:.I_\ 0#G_ / B+_XJM/S$_OK^='F)_?7\Z.5]_P @


_M'4_^@'/_ .!$7_Q5']HZG_T Y_\ P(B_^*K3\Q/[
MZ_G1YB?WU_.CE??\@Y'W?X?Y&9_:.I_] .?_ 
(O_BJ/[1U/_H!S_\ @1%_
M\56GYB?WU_.CS$_OK^='*^_Y!R/N_P /\C,_M'4_^@'/_P!$7_Q5']HZG_T
M Y__  (B_P#BJT_

M .*H_M'4_P#H!S_^!$7_ 
56GYB?WU_.CS$_OK^='*^_Y!R/N_P_R
S^T=3_
M .@'/_X$1?\ Q5']HZG_ - .?_P(B_\ BJT_

M^'^1F?VCJ?\ T Y__ B+_P*H_M'4_\ H!S_ /@1%_\ %5I^8G]]?SH\Q/[Z
M_G1ROO\ D'(^[_#_ 


ML#T(
B@BMNL7Q7_R+EQ_UTB_]&K2EL:4OCCZDO\ PC.@_P#0%T[_ 
!4_P *
M/^$9T'_HZ=_XI_A6K119]I/N97_
Z#_T!=._\!4_PH_X1G0?^@+IW_@*
MG^%:M%%D'M)]S*_X1G0?^@+IW_@*G^%'_,Z#_T!=._\!4_PK5HHL@]I/N97
M_
Z#_T!=._\!4_PH_X1G0?^@+IW_@*G^%:M%%D'M)]S*_X1G0?^@+IW_@*G
M^%'_  C.@_\ 0%T[_P !4_PK5HHL@]I/N97_  C.@_\ 0%T[_P !4_PH_P$
M9T'_ * NG?\ @*G^%:M%%D'M)]S*_P$9T'_ * NG?\ @*G^%'_,Z#_ - 7
M3O\ P%3_  K5HHL@]I/N97_
Z#_ - 73O\ P%3_  H_X1G0?^@+IW_@*G^%
M:M%%D'M)]S*_X1G0?^@+IW_@*G^%'_,Z#_T!=._\!4_PK5HHL@]I/N97_
MZ#_T!=._\!4_PH_X1G0?^@+IW_@*G^%:M%%D'M)]S*_X1G0?^@+IW_@*G^%'
M_,Z#_T!=._\!4_PK5HHL@]I/N97_
Z#_T!=._\!4_PH_X1G0?^@+IW_@*G
M^%:M%%D'M)]S*_X1G0?^@+IW_@*G^%'_  C.@_\ 0%T[_P !4_PK5HHL@]I/
MN97_  C.@_\ 0%T[_P !4_PH_P$9T'_ * NG?\ @*G^%:M%%D'M)]S*_P$

;!-_ER


MMSXB_P)C8+#K4ZRLYM&,MOM554HV_[P@YQUHL@]I/N.M=1\+?;=:@U30=+



MX'\;7-J_A6ROH[BS@D0;401D-*#@;#UX_*L?_A;GAW_H0;'_ +[C_P#C==EX















K_A&=!_Z NG?^ J?X4?\ ,Z#_P!
M73O_  %3_M6BBR#VD^YE?\ ,Z#_P! 73O_  %3_C_ (1G0?\ HZ=_P

OW%^E9?B
M?_D5=7_Z\Y?_ $ UJ+]Q?I0EJ.4FX*_G^@M%%%

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 445@WOC#1[![L2R







MK@7%O;R


ZR
\1(=750H9&W84@*O8\BNDT

%5!PH 'RJH_
]Z /$?C)K.J:5\0=NG:E=V8

M *1X#_PE_B7_ *&'5?\ P
D_QH_X2_Q+_P!##JO_ (&2?XU[]_PM?P!_S^#_
M 
 I/_B:/^%K^ /^?P?^ 4G_ 

D_QH_X2_P 2_P#0


M5_\  R3_ !H_X2_Q+_T

M $
.J_\ @9)_C7OW_U_ '_/X/\ PD_^)H_X6OX _Y_!_X!2?\ Q-'LU_.'

M7^)?^AAU7_P

M@^:C:_\ 78U:***ZCP@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M 
KQ/_R*NK_]>
.#3YD3[*=KV9OT5S$OQ
M!\






$)5MK 
1@X/H:TZ=[D.+B[
****!!1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !117+_$+6K_P[X*OM7TV2)+BV:
CS8]ZD
M


#A)$.7^\&(]CD8)H [6N-T/3M8\.1:

M$_W00



M

MD@GKQ73+X3N9_A9)X7DN[GSWLW@6:YD#2#))4
MU*TMDUM<

MEHO
%I?

M,'R$8*9!\^&!)XY8CG% '*7?A/Q-;ZUI5Q%IUQ=RFM-]PEVC27$Q%)ED

PN6TR]AYO$.RY



Q&5G0##$  
!C

MHUI;W32V


EM(UM;&W1





!S

MR'_AY$W_B?%7_/UI7_ '^?_P(H_X43XJ_Y^M*_P_S_\ Q%0_\+Q\7?W=



MG_XJC]R'_AY$W_B?%7_/UI7_?Y_P#XBC_A1/BK_GZTK_O\_P#\14/_  O'
MQ=_=T[_P'/\ \51_PO'Q=_=T[_P'/_Q5'[D/^%#R)O\ A1/BK_GZTK_O\_\




UKJ)9DM@



MPBYL+^#S?L[( %

#( QR*]#HI*FKE2QDW%):





#DLQW;ABLWQ%'%#\3&N%LVOENKFSM;JSG0


M



F1M^Z4V*%!!'4#
M.:FU'P=IFI7]G?

MH;K4-06[U!L)%-(H)252R





?^%=?#?_GSM/\ P.?_ .+H
M_P%=?#?_GSM/_ Y_P#XNO!O^$$\5_\ 0MZG_P K?X4?\()XK_Z%O4__ 5O
*_^A;U/_P !6_PH_P$$\5_]WJ?_@*W^%'/_<#ZJ_^@A_?
M_P $]Y_X5U\-_P#GSM/_  .?_P+H_X5U\-_^?.T_P# Y_\ XNO!O^$$\5_]
MWJ?_@*W^%'_  @GBO\ Z%O4_P#P%;_CG_N!]5?_00_O_X)[]#\





MDGDDGJ35ZBBJ
6VW=A1110(**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
<O\ Z :U%^XO
MTI=2W\]7^@M%%%
@*Q?%?\ R+EQ_P!=(O\ T:M;58OBO_D7+C_KI%_Z-6E+
M8NE\:]3:HHHID!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% $5S;0WEK+;7
:RP3(4DC89#*1@@UFZ3X9TO1;B2XLX&
M$SIL


M  H RO%?Q#M? WCJ]BN+:Z-W96SJ8W[=K2CO\ 6L[_ (7_ *9_T KS_O\
M+5[Q;\.X?'7CN\EEU&2T^R65N@1!]VYI3W(]*S/^&?[/_H89_\ P&'_ ,56
M$_:W]W8]/#_4?9KVOQ==R7_A?^F?] *\_P_RT?\+_TS_H!7G_?Y:B_X9_L_
M^AAG_P# 8?\ Q5'_  S_ &?_ $





MB_2LOQ/_ 

MM_\ 0O'_ 


2BZ#V;\OO1M45B_P!IZW_T+Q_\



2BZ#V;\OO1M4A
M&01SSZ5C?VGK?_0O'_P


M1[3PK!IVU#'#/'.C-$A8
P R.1T/'M1=![-^7WHO_\ =:F=8.G_P!FVG_(
M9?2=XG;&?(\U7^[^!'Y9KBK_ 

M


EC)(LD;%
286O4P4QC!]L50L-$CTR99;/P5!&Z1F);M&V(< JH


M28DQTR/;MZ5B:OX%-]!%'I_AY]
9)7E8P7^T2


N^;NXO_!.C7=U
\UQ

M0O'_ 
#$J[HYO9OR^]&U16+_ &GK?_0O'_P



2C^T];_Z%X_\ @8E%T'LW





#THM4[K[O^%
MX=G]_P#PM_:%E_S]P?]_!1_:%E_S]P?]_!5G ]*

M 



#THM4[K[O^%X
M=G]__ *W]H67_/W!_P!_!1_:%E_S]P?]_!5G ]*,#THM4[K[O^%X=G]_P#P



M?=_P0O#L_O\ ^ 


;[_GWMOR;_&O+Q&;4J%1TIRU7
MD_\ 

M #]P?]_!1_:%E_S]P?\ ?P5R/_8WW_/O;?DW^-'_8WW_/O;?DW^-']NX?^



M\)C??\^]M^3?XT?V[A_YO_)7_F']EUOY?Q7^1UW]H67_ #]P?]_!1_:%E_S]

M  F-]_S[VWY-_C1_PF-]_P ^]M^3?XT?V[A_YO\ R5_YA_9=;^7\5_D==_:%

I(
M25!ST)]:NGG5I-0C+5Z?_\R9Y;5C%R:V\U_D=%_:%E_S]P?\ ?P4?VA9?

M?]_!5G ]*




M_ *W]H67_/W!_P!_!1_:%E_S]P?]_!5G ]*
#THM4[K[O^%X=G]_P#PM_:




M7$_8;W_GTN/^_;4?8;W_ )]+C_OVU']H4/\ H$7]?]NA]5J_\_W_ %\SMO\


M^VK5\.6EU%KMN\EO
B -EF0@?=-:T
70JU8TWA4KM*_](BIAZL(.7MV[+^NI



M@+MYH'*_:%#2';OV94_O.ZL/E]^)Y/AQ=PCP^FE_8[3^S05:229YLQO*7DB9



/' NFO:OWOF6_P#A
['_ )][C\E_QH_X3.Q_

[_ )5_Y+_F')EO\WY_Y%O_ (3.Q_Y][C\E_P :



['_GWN/R7_&M
M32M6AU:*22&.1 C;3OQ_2L#_ (0IO^?\?]^O_KUM:)I!TB&6


U****]L\P**** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@MJ'_(.N?^N3?RJP.@JOJ'
M_(.N?^N3?RJP.@K-?Q'Z+]2W\]7^@M%%%:$!534O^/%_JO_ *$*MU4U+_CQ

MX46Z*9%*D\*2QG*.H93Z@T^J335T2TT[

M2&&Y4X



M2AFFDC
D:C(

QJ;9(

M^8@9(Z]:R9_#7P\BU$Z5
J:E9'3_L;6
C
M1R1RS?OU(; W1[1@


NF1^-=7_M#[/DVEKL\X \9F

M5?\ G]?_ +Y7_C_ (2'5?\ G]?_ +Y7_NL^T^&_6P_[X7_  H^T^&_6P_[
MX7_N3ZC7_ZU_X$_P#
Z/K-/_GQ^'_ .3_X2'5?^?U_^^5_PH_X2'5?^?U_
M^^5_PKK/M/AOUL/^^%_PH^T^&_6P_P^%_PH^HU_^@M?^!/_ ##ZS3_Y\?A_
MP#D_^$AU7_G]?_OE?\*/^$AU7_G]?_OE?\*ZS[3X;];#_OA?\*/M/AOUL/\
MOA?\*/J-?_H+7_@3_P P^LT_^?'X?\ Y/_A(=5_Y_7_[Y7_M3P_K%_=ZS%#








N
M.-25N4X\2WF-OVB[(;3M_5N91GCV/^%3O/J
Z)CND\L?-C;SG@]JLHLRSZ
MR1+-#*[+Y
C;B O^';/:NIHH66M.[G?_ (-_/S_ 'C4U91_K3R\OQ*&CO)+I



MXG\0^&8(;C4;/3FMFO+:W



G


_WJ

M]


;M+E)5E_TA ['
A\L\C[

MG:+9^7-:2RW



M1

MW\7_ !JU?ZW+I'C;4UCA23S+.U)W$C&#-4G_  FEU_SYP_\ ?1KY;

1[F$GC%1BJ<4X_UYE'_A%]7_Y]E_[^+_C1_P (OJ__ #[+_P!_

/Y8_U\RC_P
2<Y/TQC*E^%]K,(#)?K,UO=W=Q$MQ:I)'MN&



M^TJ)Y-9OK$7\D9
21P1[XRP#8RQ[Y^@H V8?AO-:W(OEUIIKQ+ZZOU#VZJ









MQVMF+B6-B8D1 \BGJ
(K;3PUA;AI9K9((_-3RV*DE


D49CD#';N=FZC)P!QC.22



-=66X$A

M[G_G\B_[X-'_  A=S_S^1?\ ?!KG^L9S_P ^U^'^9M['+OYOS_R-3_A+]
_N
K_
M $%HHHK0@*J:E_QXO]5_]%6ZKWL3S6CI& 7. 3C.#6=9-TY)=F73=IION


M 





MG_X60)&6UMM#NI]2?4;K3X[59D&]H$WN0Y.



!F


MG2JN




$K(!D59\^\_Y\O\
?\ /E_Y%%'GWG_/E_Y%





0KDRCC(





MA1]H@_Y[1_\ ?0J#^R=-_P@?:?]^5_PH_LG3?\ H'VG_?E?\*- ]XG^T0?\
M]H_^^A1]H@_Y[1_]]H/[)TW_H'VG_?E?\*/[)TW_H'VG_?E?\*- ]XG^T0?
M\]H_^^A1]H@_Y[1_]]H/[)TW_H'VG_?E?\ C^R=-_Z!]I_WY7_  HT#WB?



M_P@?:?]^5_PH_LG3?\ H'VG_?E?\*- ]XG^T0?\]H_^^A1]H@_Y[1_]]H/




M!]=I]_S_ 




CU+[1!_P ]H_\ OH4?

M'VG_ 'Y7_C^R=-_Z!]I_P!^5_PK/0W]XG^T0?\ /:/_ +Z%'VB#_GM'_P!]
MH/[)TW_ *!]I_WY7_C^R=-_P@?:?]^5_PHT#WB?[1!_SVC_[Z%'VB#_GM
M'_WT*@_LG3?^@?:?]^5_PH_LG3?^@?:?]^5_PHT#WB?[1!_SVC_[Z%'VB#_G

MB?[1!_SVC_[Z%'VB#_GM'_WT*@_LG3?^@?:?]^5_PH_LG3?^@?:?]^5_PHT#
MWB?[1!_SVC_[Z%'VB#_GM'_WT*@_LG3?^@?:?]^5_P */[)TW_H'VG_?E?\



K!P^W@.1@ [L9R6//%:7@GPKJGAW5=9N[^2U=-0\A@


M??\ ?2?_ !-'_K=(_Y_;[_OI/\ XFO-?[5U7_H(WW_?]_\ &C^U=5_Z-]_
MW_?_ !J_9U/YC+V^'_Y]GI7_  JW2/\ G]OO^^D_^)H_X5;I'_/[??\ ?2?_

M *-]_W_ '_QH]G4_F#V^'_Y]GI7_K=(_Y_;[_OI/\ XFC_ (5;I'_/[??]
M])_\37FO]JZK_P!!&^_[_O\ XT?VKJO_ $$;[_O^_P#C1[.I_
'M\/\ \^ST
MK_A5ND?\_M]_WTG_ 
31_P *MTC_ )_;[_OI/_B:\U_M75?^@C??]_W_ 
:/
M[5U7_H(WW_?]_P#&CV=3^8/;X?\ Y]GI7_K=(_Y_;[_ +Z3_P)H_X5;I'_
M #^WW_?2?_$UYW9:IJAUU!U^(
R @S/S\P]Z]]K&JZE.WO'3AXT*U[0M8X
M;_A5ND?\_M]_WTG_ 


MIP=XJP4445!J%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!1UK_D
M!W__ %[R?^@FKJ_='TJEK7_(#O\ _KWD_P#035U?NCZ4^A/VA:***105G:[_
M 


MQUBYNK:V
HFM2%F22
J5.2

GBO/WLYY-4M=0L1)Y=P9[2]

MO9MJ

M

?6NE\%&]^QW27HD=XY JW
M+
^)QC.X*W*GG!]Z4Z?*BJ5=S=FM_P#)'44445D=(4444 %%%% !1110 444


84 F1


 


MO$4]SXREMSK
5VJ!M(


TG@B$%E;*WFD\Y:7I@&J
M7_K=8_Y_;'\W_PKHA&DX^\]3AJU,2IM0C='5_\ Q?#?_/:;_P';_C_A8O
MAO\ Y[3?^ [?X5RG_K=8_Y_;'\W_P */^%6ZQ_S^V/YO_A5\E#N9^UQ?\O]


M:* $VCT'Y4;1Z#\J6B@!-H]!^5+110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

]P








BB8W

&/0


XPM-W84445F;A1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 4


M[?\ QHL'-Y&C16=MUK_GI8?]^W_QHVZU_P ]+#_OV_\ C18.;R-&BL[;K7_/

:-NM?\]+#_






74]/H1







M_?M_\:-NM?\ /2P_[]O_ (U%C3F\C1HK.VZU_P ]+#_OV_\ C1MUK_GI8?\


M^W_QHVZU_P ]+#_OV_\ C18.;R-&BL[;K7_/2P_[]O\ XT;=:_YZ6'_?M_\

:-NM?\]+#_ +]O_C18.;R-&BL[;K7_ #TL

M!-75^Z/I63=6NKW=I-;/-8JDJ%&*QOD C''-:XX&*'L)7;N%%%%(L*HZQJ)T

M_H6?_@P/_QNC[;XA_Z EG_X,#_\;K9HHNNP6\S&^V^(?^@)9_\ @P/_ ,;H
M^V^(?^@)9_\ @P/_ ,;K9HHNNP6\S&^V^(?^@)9_^# __&Z/MOB'_H6?_@P
M/_QNMFBBZ[!;S
;[;XA_Z EG_P# _\ QNC[;XA_Z EG_P# _\ QNMFBBZ[
M!;S
;[;XA_Z EG_X
#_\;H^V^(?^@)9_^# __&ZV:*+KL%O
QOMOB'_H6?_
M (,#_P#&Z/MOB'_H6?_ (
#_P#&ZV:*+KL%O
QOMOB'_H6?_@P/_QNC[;X
MA_Z EG_X,#_\;K9HHNNP6\S&^V^(?^@)9_\ @P/_ ,;H^V^(?^@)9_\ @P/_
M ,;K9HHNNP6\S&^V^(?^@)9_^# __&Z/MOB'_H6?_@P/_QNMFBBZ[!;S
;[
M;XA_Z EG_P# _\ QNC[;XA_Z EG_P# _\ QNMFBBZ[!;S
;[;XA_Z EG_X
M
#_\;H^V^(?^@)9_^# __&ZV:*+KL%O
QOMOB'_H6?_ (,#_P#&Z/MOB'_H
M6?_ (
#_P#&ZV:*+KL%O
QOMOB'_H6?_@P/_QNC[;XA_Z EG_X,#_\;K9H
MHNNP6\S&^V^(?^@)9_\ @P/_ ,;H^V^(?^@)9_\ @P/_ ,;K9HHNNP6\S&^V
M^(?^@)9_^# __&Z/MOB'_H6?_@P/_QNMFBBZ[!;S
;[;XA_Z EG_P# _\
MQNC[;XA_Z EG_P# _\ QNMFBBZ[!;S
;[;XA_Z EG_X
#_\;H^V^(?^@)9_


MH^V^(?\ H6?_@P/_P ;K@?#/BO7);+PG]IO;B^N=1N=01BWE1I,8?,HV$R



N.?+YSS^5;/VWQ#_P! 2S_\&!_^-UXK

VK?\ @6_^-==/


MXA_Z EG_ .# _P#QNC[;XA_Z EG_ .# _P#QNOE;_A.O%O\ T

#_ /&Z/MOB'_H6?\ X,#_ /&Z^5O^$Z\6_P#0S:M_
MX%O_ (T?\)UXM_Z&;5O_  +?_&CZE+R_$/;H^J?MOB'_ * EG_X,#_\ &Z/M
MOB'_ * EG_X,#_\ &Z^5O^$Z\6_]#-JW_@6_^-'_  G7BW_H9M6_\W_ 
:/
MJ4O+\0]NCZI^V^(?^@)9_P#@P/\ \;H^V^(?^@)9_P#@P/\ \;KY6_X3KQ;_
M -#-JW_@6_\ C1_PG7BW_H9M6_\  M_\:/J4O+\0]NCZI^V^(?\ H6?_@P/
M_P ;H^V^(?\ H6?_@P/_P ;KY6_X3KQ;_T

MZ&;5O_ M_P#&CZE+R_$/;H^J?MOB'_H6?\ X,#_ /&Z/MOB'_H6?\ X
#_
M /&Z^5O^$Z\6_P#0S:M_X%O_ (T?\)UXM_Z&;5O_  +?_&CZE+R_$/;H^J?M
MOB'_ * EG_X
#_\ &Z/MOB'_ * EG_X
#_\ &Z^5O^$Z\6_]#-JW_@6_^-'_



M0I;&W7

M&2/OG. $[#&!R*NG&
D[BDVCUFBO!O#

M\01
T5RWV@.)
]&^4'##H
CN*W?LVL76B^(]+N8-0M[Z9(&M]5M[4:
A
1

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9[Z[I


M[H-D?RWD,@^Y(,;-HY/&*P=+N?'$&FV@NHO$EP9]-87L'1DG6YX^;:67]U

GUK%M?!

^T\CJ =W!'X?\!ZD)N(].TQ)#M-S<,55F))&YR<9.3C/
M4FH;#2?#+:GY5J4GUP

;R9WE3OSD\_F:NZ1X3T?


M'XZ_Z 1_\8O_BJ[Z-.FX)N=GZG/.4E+2)ZA_P )%\%_^?;2O_!8_P#\11_P
MD7P7_P?;2O_  6/_P#$5Y?_ 
*C\=?] (_^!
7_ 
51_P *C\=?] (_^!
7
M_P 56GLJ7\_XD\\_Y?P/4/\ A(O@O_S[:5_X+'_^(H_X2+X+_P#/MI7_ (+'
M_P#B*\O_ .%1^.O^@$?_  )B_P#BJ/\ A4?CK_H!'_P)B_\ BJ/94OY_Q#GG
M_+^!ZA_PD7P7_P?;2O_  6/_P#$4?\ 1?!?_GVTK_P6/\ _$5Y?_PJ/QU_
MT C_ .!
7_Q5'_H_'7_ $ C_P!
7_Q5'LJ7\_XASS_ )?P/4/^$B^_P#S
M[:5_X+'_ /B*/^$B^__ #[:5_X+'_\ B*\O_P%1^.O^@$?_ F+_P*H_X5

7_ 
51

MO_X5'XZ_Z 1_\8O_BJ/^%1^.O\ H!'_ ,8O_BJ/94OY_Q#GG_+^!ZA_P )
M%\%_^?;2O_!8_P#\11_PD7P7_P?;2O_  6/_P#$5Y?_ ,*C\=?] (_^!,7_
M ,51_P *C\=?] (_^!,7_P 51[*E_/\ B'//^7\#U#_A(O@O_P ^VE?^Q__

M@-GI7TM7-7M!KDE?YFM.\E[R.=_X0+PC_P!UI7_ (I_A1_P@7A'_H6M*_\




MZQ_UY3?^@&M5/N+]*K[(NHM%%%2

M_P \]0_\%MQ_\11RR[!=&O161_PDNG_\\]0_\%MQ_P#$4?\ 2Z?_P \]0_\
M%MQ_\11RR[!=&O161_PDNG_\\]0_\%MQ_P#$4?\ 2Z?_P \]0_\%MQ_\11R
MR[!=&O161_PDNG_\\]0_\%MQ_P#$4?\ 2Z?_P \]0_\%MQ_\11RR[!=&O16
M1_PDNG_\\]0_\%MQ_P#$4?\ 2Z?_P \]0_\%MQ_\11RR[!=&O161_PDNG_\
M\]0_\%MQ_P#$4?\ 2Z?_P \]0_\%MQ_\11RR[!=&O161_PDNG_\\]0_\%MQ
M_P#$4?\ 2Z?_P \]0_\%MQ_\11RR[!=&O161_PDNG_\\]0_\%MQ_P#$4?\
M2Z?_P \]0_\%MQ_\11RR[!=&O161_PDNG_\\]0_\%MQ_P#$4?\ 2Z?_P \
M]0_\%MQ_\11RR[!=&O161_PDNG_\\]0_\%MQ_P#$4?\ 2Z?_P \]0_\%MQ_
M\11RR[!=&O161_PDNG_\\]0_\%MQ_P#$4?\ 2Z?_P \]0_\%MQ_\11RR[!=
M&O161_PDNG_\\]0_\%MQ_P#$4?\ 2Z?_P \]0_\%MQ_\11RR[!=&O161_PD
MNG_\\]0_\%MQ_P#$4?\ 2Z?_P \]0_\%MQ_\11RR[!=&O161_PDNG_\\]0_
M\%MQ_P#$4?\ 2Z?_P \]0_\%MQ_\11RR[!=&O161_PDNG_\\]0_\%MQ_P#$
M4?\ 2Z?_P \]0_\%MQ_\11RR[!=&O161_PDNG_\\]0_\%MQ_P#$4?\ 2Z?
M_P \]0_\%MQ_\11RR[!=&O161_PDNG_\\]0_\%MQ_P#$4?\ 2Z?_P \]0_\







M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
AHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /_9
end








begin 644 g201802200602548372255.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 '2 N(# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4








MO_ 5/\*/^$;T+_HZ=_XI_A6G10!F?\(WH7_0%T[_P%3_C_A&]_Z NG?^









M/\*/^$;T+_HZ=_XI_A6G10!F?\(WH7_0%T[_P%3_C_A&]_Z NG?^ J?X

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /GCQ)
M_P C1J__ %^S?^AFBCQ)_P C1J__ %^S?^AFB@#W3PW_ ,BOI'_7E#_Z *TZ
MS/#?_(KZ1_UY0_\ H K3H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

MLZ=#J&G74=S:3#

MGUJSXFN+R3Q1HGA72[MM*@ODN+JZN;9%$FU



M.-1MY[LJ98G)=2-P R
J..*PUO/$FE_#_1?'$_B:\N[EA:-/8NBWEBD9$*



MD3


M/B
I:S\/9'N#''JNFSSW<* !)'$2,#^!)Q65XQU&]NM+^*-E/</);
M6EO;WB;I&&B!;'U/- 'J\4@EB21<[74




DI55*LQ '*Y.


MK7+1)_$L%MIDJVUL-&ME==^P

0I2TF*%\[<;MF.O?.*W;
M'5[/4;J^MK9W:6QE$
)Y95W1J?HBEO^!N9TC7/%-U::-K5


N




M%I % ?
:


MX?MSX@U#5;+5YGM;B*^*

M




M\JQ0'8&4H 




MP8;G


M2


]S'=/I[:?^[?:%1GW;AQD
#T-9^G

:X\

M 3#)LP1CH!TK1O[&UU.PGL;V%)[6X0QRQN.&4]15BB@#C-/^'J6$EO'_ 
)+


V=JVNLDLQ_MF0R3Y(^4F



*Q5U8!@.
C%;]C:_8;&&U^T3W'E
M*%\ZX?=(_NQ[FK%% &3X;\/VOAC1UTRSDEDA6624-*06R[ECT [FDT_P[9Z?

M1E#HRGH1@US



;S3MR
M^1*[)L+=-P./0]:H6GPWM;9]*$NMZO=0:1

=

?(%4!?7IUKHJ* .4G\#


C
5K=R6I:6ZVEF0X)P%/'XU;^U:S_T
M[7_P,/\ \10!IT5F?:M9_P@7:_^!A_^(H^U:S_T[7_ ,##_P#$4 :=%9GV
MK6?^@7:_^!A_^(H^U:S_ - NU_\  P__ !% &G169]JUG_H%VO\ X&'_ .(H
M^U:S_P! NU_\##_\10!IT5F?:M9_Z!=K_P!A_\ B*/M6L_] NU_\##_ /$4
M :=%9GVK6?\ H%VO_@8?_B*/M6L_] NU_P# P_\ Q% &G169]JUG_H%VO_@8
M?_B*/M6L_P#0+M?_  
/_P 10!IT5F?:M9_Z!=K_ .!A_P#B*/M6L_\ 0+M?
M_ P__$4 :=%9GVK6?^@7:_\ @8?_ (BC[5K/_0+M?_ P_P#Q% &G169]JUG_
M *!=K_X&'_XBC[5K/_0+M?\ P
/_ 
10!IT5F?:M9_Z!=K_X&'_XBC[5K/\
MT[7_P ##_\ $4 :=%9GVK6?^@7:_P#@8?\ XBC[5K/_ $[7_P
/_Q% &G1
M69]JUG_H%VO_ (&'_P(H^U:S_T[7_P
/\ \10!IT5F?:M9_P@7:_^!A_^
M(H^U:S_T[7_ 
##_P#$4 :=%9GVK6?^@7:_^!A_^(H^U:S_ - NU_\  P__
M !% &G169]JUG_H%VO\ X&'_ .(H^U:S_P! NU_\##_\10!IT5F?:M9_Z!=K
M_P!A_\ B*/M6L_] NU_\##_ /$4 :=%9GVK6?\ H%VO_@8?_B*/M6L_] NU
M_P# P_\ Q% &G169]JUG_H%VO_@8?_B*/M6L_P#0+M?_  ,/_P 10!IT5F?:
MM9_Z!=K_ .!A_P#B*/M6L_\ 0+M?_ P__$4 :=%9GVK6?^@7:_\ @8?_ (BC
M[5K/_0+M?_ P_P#Q% &G169]JUG_ *!=K_X&'_XBC[5K/_0+M?\ P,/_ ,10
M!IT5F?:M9_Z!=K_X&'_XBC[5K/\ T[7_P ##_\ $4 :=%9GVK6?^@7:_P#@
M8?\ XBC[5K/_ $[7_P,/_Q% &G169]JUG_H%VO_ (&'_P(H^U:S_T[7_P
M,/\ \10!IT5F?:M9_P@7:_^!A_^(H^U:S_T[7_ ,##_P#$4 :=%9GVK6?^
M@7:_^!A_^(H^U:S_ - NU_\  P__ !% &G169]JUG_H%VO\ X&'_ .(H^U:S
M_P! NU_\##_\10!IT5F?:M9_Z!=K_P!A_\ B*/M6L_] NU_\##_ /$4 :=%
M9GVK6?\ H%VO_@8?_B*/M6L_] NU_P# P_\ Q% &G169]JUG_H%VO_@8?_B*
M/M6L_P#0+M?_  
/_P 10!IT5F?:M9_Z!=K_ .!A_P#B*/M6L_\ 0+M?_ P_
M_$4 :=%9GVK6?^@7:_\ @8?_ (BC[5K/_0+M?_ P_P#Q% &G169]JUG_ *!=
MK_X&'_XBC[5K/_0+M?\ P
/_ 



\-_\BOI'_7E#_P@M.@ HHHH **** L[4]TS69;.7




M

M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &

M4 ?/'B3_ )&C5_\ K]F_]#-%'B3_ )&C5_\ K]F_]#-% 'NGAO\ Y%?2/^O*

^_
M]1KG_8:N_P#T.NFKF?!?^HUS_L-7?_H==-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9OB#_D7-2_Z]I/_ $$UI5F^
M(/\ D7-2_PO:3_T$UI4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'SQXD_Y&C5_P#K]F_]
M#-%'B3_D:-7_ .OV;_T

MHUS_ +#5W_Z'734 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% &;X@_Y%S4O^O:3_ -!-:59OB#_D7-2_Z]I/_036E0 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?/'B3_D:-7_Z_9O_ $

M![IX;_Y%?2/^O*'_ - %:=9GAO\ Y%?2/^O*'_T 5IT %%%% !1110 445E:





M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% &;X@_Y%S4O^O:3_P!!-:59OB#_ )%W4NG-M(.?]TUI Y&1
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?/'B3_D:-7_Z_9O\ T


$'@]LUV]1R00S&
RQ(



M

T0V HV[*CIVZXK@_B/KNJW.A(-'MK^*P+$75P8



M .OV;_T


M:N9\%_ZC7/\ L-7?_H==-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%!.!DT
M %%9DNNV0D


M2]D7G?=/N4?1?NC\J9)XDTN)_(M9&O)5X\FRC
I'U*\#\2*EREU=OZ_KN:4Z
D2!<_E5FKM)[LS]
MI1A\
;^O^2M^;
3^QK^[YU+69RIZPV:^0GTR
N?^^A5RQT73=-):TLHHY#UD

MJ7_7M)_Z:TJHPBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#YX\2?\C1J_\ U^S?^AFBCQ)_
MR-&K_P#7[-_Z&:* /=/#?_(KZ1_UY0_^@M.LSPW_P BOI'_ %Y0_P#H K3H
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#F?!?^HUS_L-7?_H==-7
^_]1KG_ &&K
MO_T.NFH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

MSY^[Y41PWT)P#^%0PZMX@U(_Z'HT=G?^6U_)S^+S^9%9NK&]EJ-)M76QO3
M7
GXUY'\2+ZYM=

ZY/X






@N/\ $'_(N:E_U[2?^@FM*N-\




M^E'(^C#G75&M163_ 
)#9I_Q\QW=K_UVMG _


MKW5_9V2[KJZAA'_31PN?SJE_8TLW-[JEY/ZHCB%/R3!_




M'XL?I3D\-V;N)=1DFU*8'(-VVY ?:

M+]2E;7^E02


7




M:Q)'R







MN(\/Z;K
NIZ(=1TPV


M5OLA_P?FX_[['^%'V0_\_-Q_P!]C_@S15;[(?^?FX_P^Q_A1]D/_ #\W
M'_?8_P * +-%5OLA_P?FX_[['^%'V0_\_-Q_P!]C_@S15;[(?^?FX_P^


MU23!'+;-ZV\[Q_H#C]*3^R;V(?Z-K5VOM.J2C]0#^M7?LA_Y^;C_ +['^%5;

M64@?Q6\Z2?H=IJM_:!FXL;?5+G/1]HB0_B^/T!IWV77+C_EXBLE/^V9W_DH_

MM:2H0BK^TO?\#&G*JY-21/\ V(9N;[4;VY]4$GE(?P3'ZDU9M=*T^Q.;:SAB

M-?R?Z=XF2R0\?9K=MC?C)( ?R I6J2V_#_
Z?9PA_$:7^+?_ 
!6OWZ&E?1V


_-Q_WV/\*2IM/M^?WL;K4TK17-ZZ+[
*
?PQH%'Z4W[(
M?^?FX_[['^%'V0_\_-Q_WV/\*M12U
9UZDURMZ=ME]RT+-%5OLA_Y^;C_OL?
MX4?9#_S\W'_?8_PJC(LT56^R'_GYN/\ OL?X4?9#_P _-Q_WV/\ @S15;[




&_^17TC_KRA_P#0!6G69X;_ .17TC_KRA_] %:= !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 <SX+_P!1KG_8:N__ $.NFKF?!?\ J-<_[#5W_PAUTU !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%1SSPVT+37$J11(
L[L% ^I-85QJMQK5M-;:/:NT
M


WAV2

ZSO;&P



M0QK?HJE275M_


&H

MI#$?[RH 3]3U-3
M[+Z%+&UNMON7Z6.

M_P!-H0O_ *%&*FCU*VD_U7C*W;V;R/\  5T]0RVMO/\ ZVWBD_WT!I^R??\
M/_


UOQ;
M=6/BN*RGOXXYH(_W,+8(?&3M).3TQSVKHY)M$CNMDDEQK=^O_+-1YY4_0?(
MGXXKF]8^$J:AXB-Y;ZAY5C*P:6-]SR#UDGG/OT]Z](MK6S@6VA2*)1@(B


MZA;@= ERS#\FR*U:*OGEW)Y(]C*^P:M&?W.L[P.UQ;*WZKMHWZ_%RT&GW(_V
M)'B)_

M.HYYQ77:+?2:%I%CI^LVQLS%$L8N V^$D#'+#[I^O'O6TZ





M_A(M


M(SC^T('/I&V\_P#CN:=%H.DPG*:=;9]6C#'\S5](TC7;&BH/11BCW@U
S^WH
M&_U%I?S^Z6K@?FP%']HZE)_J=%F ]9YT3^1:M6BBS[A9F5NUZ0\1Z= /=WD(
M_1:/L.KR'

M2ZU&I='H:-%%%04%%%% !1110 4444 9OB#_ )%S4O\ KVD_]!-:59OB#_D7
M-2_Z]I/_ $$UI4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'SQXD_Y&C5_^OV;_ -#-%'B3
M_D:-7_Z_9O\ T


MN[&9_P AA1^9H2@ME?\ K[OOU\SIB*E1W;^[^ORLO(LV&D6&EIML[6.(D8+
M 98_4GDTEUK.G6;^7-=QB7_GFIW/_P!\C)_2J_\ 82S\ZA?7=YGJAD\N/_OE
M,?KFKUK8VEDFRUMHH5[B- N?RJVY,Q2[%'^U;VY_X\=)G(_YZ73%?RY;]*0

!.@]FZ/]#@^YJ[8ZI::B


M/L:3BUKT&I)Z%BBBBI*BBB@#-\0?\BYJ7_7M)_Z:TJS?$'_(N:E_U[2?\
MH)K2H **** BBB@ HHHH **** /GCQ)_P C1J__ %^S?^AFBCQ)_P C1J__
M %^S?^AFB@#W3PW_ ,BOI'_7E#_Z *TZS/#?_(KZ1_UY0_\ H K3H **** 

M_P#$#V.KZ78/IMP5OI!$;@LH2-BCOMZY8_NSG QR.:SX_&RF^5IM-EAT:2XD
MM8=2:52'E3=G*=0I*.H;U'0 @T =717



M.%3]T


+^E3^\GY+^OZV+]K1I?
MPX\S[O;Y+_/[CE8M+B2Z
FJZT%NG&&BLF
URWL9
%@/90HK=TVW%DI&B^'O(

M9^J7/_'YJIB4]8[.

MR#H


MDD;C*NC9!_&I*R9M$6.9KG2YS8W#'+!%S%(?]I.GXC!]ZJ\9;Z$^]';4UJ*R

[Q!_R+FI



M#[LYZU$O@W49)H]

MH/AO5[74=/EU:[LY8=)M6M++[

%:(-W*_V&U_Y

\$_*K%% %?[#:_\\$_*C[#
M:_\ /!/RJQ10!7^PVO\ SP3\J/L-K_SP3\JL44 5_L-K_P \$_*C[#:_\\$_
M*K%% %?[#:_\\$_*C[#:_P#/!/RJQ10!7^PVO_/!/RH^PVO_ #P3\JL44 5_
ML-K_ 
\$_*C[#:_\\$_*K%% %?[#:_\ /!/RH^PVO_/!/RJQ10!7^PVO_/!/
MRH^PVO\ SP3\JL44 5_L-K_SP3\J/L-K_P \$_*K%% %?[#:_P#/!/RH^PVO
M_/!/RJQ10!7^PVO_ #P3\J/L-K_SP3\JL44 5_L-K_SP3\J/L-K_ 
\$_*K%
M% %?[#:_\\$_*C[#:_\ /!/RJQ10!7^PVO\ SP3\J/L-K_SP3\JL44 5_L-K
M_P \$_*C[#:_\\$_*K%% %?[#:_\\$_*C[#:_P#/!/RJQ10!7^PVO_/!/RH^
MPVO_ #P3\JL44 5_L-K_ 
\$_*C[#:_\\$_*K%% %?[#:_\ /!/RH^PVO_/!
M/RJQ10!7^PVO_/!/RH^PVO\ SP3\JL44 5_L-K_SP3\J/L-K_P \$_*K%% %
M?[#:_P#/!/RH^PVO_/!/RJQ10!7^PVO_ #P3\J/L-K_SP3\JL44 5_L-K_SP
M3\J/L-K_ 
\$_*K%% %?[#:_\\$_*C[#:_\ /!/RJQ10!7^PVO\ SP3\J/L-
MK_SP3\JL44 5_L-K_P \$_*C[#:_\\$_*K%% %?[#:_\\$_*C[#:_P#/!/RJ
MQ10!7^PVO_/!/RH^PVO_ #P3\JL44 5_L-K_ 
\$_*C[#:_\\$_*K%% %?[#

M:%OIW3\./:MZBJ4FMB7%


^UR7

M%%% !1110 4444 ?/'B3_D:-7_Z_9O\ T


M_P#T.NFKF?!?^HUS_L-7?_H==-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9OB#_D7-2_Z]I/_ $$UI5F^(/\ D7-2

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '

&WTN]:]O-5NM
M3N5@%M#)<*@,40.=OR@9)(!+'D[1Z5O4 <-X9\1:)IC:Y;7^LZ?:3C6+IC%/
M=)&V_!P3FM[_A

O_P#T
M,FC_ /@=%_\ %5H_V;8_\^5M_P!^E_PH_LVQ_P?*V_[]+_A0!G?\)EX7_Z&
M31__  .B_P#BJ/\ A
O_P#T,FC_ /@=%_\ %5H_V;8_\^5M_P!^E_PH_LVQ
M_P?*V_[]+_A0!G?\)EX7_Z&31__  .B_P#BJ/\ A
O_P#T,FC_ /@=%_\
M%5H_V;8_\^5M_P!^E_PH_LVQ_P?*V_[]+_A0!G?\)EX7_Z&31__  .B_P#B
MJ/\ A
O_P#T,FC_ /@=%_\ %5H_V;8_\^5M_P!^E_PH_LVQ_P?*V_[]+_A
M0!G?\)EX7_Z&31__  .B_P#BJ/\ A
O_P#T,FC_ /@=%_\ %5H_V;8_\^5M
M_P!^E_PH_LVQ_P?*V_[]+_A0!G?\)EX7_Z&31__  .B_P#BJ/\ A
O_P#T
M,FC_ /@=%_\ %5H_V;8_\^5M_P!^E_PH_LVQ_P?*V_[]+_A0!G?\)CX7_Z&
M31__  .B_P#BJ/\ A

O
M_P#T,FC_ /@=%_\ %5H_V;8_\^5M_P!^E_PH_LVQ_P?*V_[]+_A0!G?\)EX
M7_Z&31__  .B_P#BJ/\ A
O_P#T,FC_ /@=%_\ %5H_V;8_\^5M_P!^E_PH
M_LVQ_P?*V_[]+_A0!G?\)EX7_Z&31__  .B_P#BJ/\ A
O_P#T,FC_ /@=
M%_\ %5H_V;8_\^5M_P!^E_PH_LVQ_P?*V_[]+_A0!G?\)EX7_Z&31__  .B
M_P#BJ/\ A
O_P#T,FC_ /@=%_\ %5H_V;8_\^5M_P!^E_PH_LVQ_P?*V_[
M]+_A0!G?\)EX7_Z&31__  .B_P#BJ/\ A
O_P#T,FC_ /@=%_\ %5H_V;8_
M\^5M_P!^E_PH_LVQ_P?*V_[]+_A0!G?\)EX7_Z&31__  .B_P#BJ/\ A
O
M_P#T,FC_ /@=%_\ %5H_V;8_\^5M_P!^E_PH_LVQ_P?*V_[]+_A0!G?\)CX
M7_Z&31__  .B_P#BJ/\ A
O_P#T,FC_ /@=%_\ %4?\(S9?\)+_ &OY4&/L
M?V7R/(7'W]V[/Z8Q6C_9MC_SY6W_ 'Z7_@#._X3+PO_ -#)H_\ X'1?_%4?
M\)EX7_Z&31__  .B_P#BJT?[-L?^?*V_[]+_ (4?V;8_\^5M_P!^E_PH SO^

M']FV/_/E;?\ ?I?\* 
[_A
O_\ T,FC_P#@=%_\51_PF7A?_H9-'_\  Z+_
M .*K1_LVQ_Y\K;_OTO\ A1_9MC_SY6W_ 'Z7_@#._X3+PO_ -#)H_\ X'1?
M_%4?\)EX7_Z&31__  .B_P#BJT?[-L?^?*V_[]+_ (4?V;8_\^5M_P!^E_PH

[_A
O_\ T,FC_P#@=%_\51_PF7A?_H9-'_\
M Z+_ .*K1_LVQ_Y\K;_OTO\ A1_9MC_SY6W_ 'Z7_@#._X3'PO_ -#)H_\


[_A
O_\ T,FC_P#@
M=%_\51_PF7A?_H9-'_\  Z+_ .*K1_LVQ_Y\K;_OTO\ A1_9MC_SY6W_ 'Z7
M_@#._X3+PO_ -#)H_\ X'1?_%4?\)EX7_Z&31__  .B_P#BJT?[-L?^?*V_

[_A
O_\ T,FC
M_P#@=%_\51_PF7A?_H9-'_\  Z+_ .*K1_LVQ_Y\K;_OTO\ A1_9MC_SY6W_
M 'Z7_@#._X3+PO_ -#)H_\ X'1?_%4?\)EX7_Z&31__  .B_P#BJT?[-L?^












Y&.

79 P&Y6))4D?P]
$\=AH]O





DTLMUYBA=DRRI&@&3M &SDYP!6GH]CJ)U76-7OH(X[R8):VR


'


M96T32KYPC(ED8[5+'@ (NX\$_
N



M6-'NM2N8XHXW/1

CKGD *L:\@'.[MU +

MY4SM_P ?.0X'4 X.
]1@]ZS;?P[K5UK.NR:K)9)8:M;K;M]BED69 @8 @D






J#@
<49E;=TVYRN





Z3F1




C#@8X

:%A'& 6? S@ ]S4M1W'G?9I?LPC


P.<




MW3PW_P BOI'_ %Y0_P#H K3K

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

MS'_\76G10!F?VO-_T!]1_P^8_\ XNC^UYO^@/J/_?,?_P 76G10!F?VO-_T
M!]1_[YC_ /BZ/[7F_P@/J/_ 'S'_P#%UIT4 9G]KS?] ?4?^^8__BZ/[7F_
MZ ^H_P#?
?\ \76G10!F?VO-_P! ?4?^^8__ (NC^UYO^@/J/_?
?_Q=:=%
M&9_:\W_0'U'_ +YC_P#BZ/[7F_Z ^H_]\Q__ !=:=% &9_:\W_0'U'_OF/\

?_ 

M_P#Q=:=% &9_:\W_ $!]1_[YC_\ BZ/[7F_Z ^H_]\Q__%UIT4 9G]KS?] ?

MH#ZC_P!\Q_\ Q=:=% &9_:\W_0'U'_OF/_XNC^UYO^@/J/\ WS'_ /%UIT4

MXNC^UYO^@/J/_?

MZC_WS'_\76G10!F?VO-_T!]1_P^8_\ XNC^UYO^@/J/_?,?_P 76G10!F?V
MO-_T!]1_[YC_ /BZ/[7F_P@/J/_ 'S'_P#%UIT4 9G]KS?] ?4?^^8__BZ/
M[7F_Z ^H_P#?
?\ \76G10!F?VO-_P! ?4?^^8__ (NC^UYO^@/J/_?
?_Q=
M:=% &9_:\W_0'U'_ +YC_P#BZ/[7F_Z ^H_]\Q__ !=:=% &9_:\W_0'U'_O

?_ 

M -\Q_P#Q=:=% &9_:\W_ $!]1_[YC_\ BZ/[7F_Z ^H_]\Q__%UIT4 9G]KS

MYO\ H#ZC_P!\Q_\ Q=:=% &9_:\W_0'U'_OF/_XNC^UYO^@/J/\ WS'_ /%U
MIT4 5+&_6^6;$





LY554;0?[O.6'?-0




CJ#2-0U6YU!%G:X
BF);B%H L4:F!&8[L??
M\P]
]#T[UU-(  20 

MV%0M:7?FL;>WN5A+C^SQL8>5\PW9!^X,_>QQD>U=G10!A:K#?R:Y9_9)+B*
M%T*2RQ*#M&
KG2I(]/U+3X[@D8
4#1L1GD!BS ?
ME75T5$H*74Z*&)E1::BG;NDS L[;Q5'90)/J.EO
J .QM7))QSR' /Y#Z57U
M?3]5O&L%EBLKR:
3
P:-UA)P-H(W'!]R?6NGHIQBD35KNINDO1)'
076IVOV



1VJ#\H$Z8P=H&/+R6P6_#I3KN+_ (I3


^7(_@^3^]VX]J[*B@#!U.+4&

MY1@+W'7OV[B@#DX+OQ$;-69)YE ;]UDK'@;SRJ\@_=&.?]KK75CH.OXTM%
M !1110 4444 %%%% %2\74&*?8IK:


*QM8L_%5QIS1V6H6


@'!R
CI2T %%%% !1110 4444 9VG?\

G/L!^56:** /GCQ)_


MUJ/_ (%/_C110 ?\))KO_0:U'_P*?_&C_A)-=_Z#6H_^!3_XT44 '_2:[_T
M&M1_\G_ 
:/^$DUW_H-:C_X%/\ XT44 '_2:[_ -!K4?\ P*?_ !H_X237
M?^@UJ/\ X%/_ (T44 '_  DFN_\ 0:U'_P G_QH_P$DUW_ *#6H_\ @4_^
M-%% !_PDFN_]!K4?_ I_\:/^$DUW_H-:C_X%/_C110 ?\))KO_0:U'_P*?\
MQH_X237?^@UJ/_@4_P#C110 ?\))KO\ T&M1_P# I_\ &C_A)-=_Z#6H_P#@
M4_\ C110 ?\ 2:[_P!!K4?_  *?_&C_ (237?\ H-:C_P!3_XT44 '_2:
M[_T&M1_\G_QH_X237?^@UJ/_@4_^-%% !_PDFN_]!K4?_ I_P#&C_A)-=_Z
M#6H_^!3_ .-%% !_PDFN_P#0:U'_ ,G_P :/^$DUW_H-:C_ .!3_P-%% !
M_P ))KO_ $&M1_\  I_\:/\ A)-=_P@UJ/_ (%/_C110 ?\))KO_0:U'_P*
M?_&C_A)-=_Z#6H_^!3_XT44 '_2:[_T&M1_\G_ 
:/^$DUW_H-:C_X%/\
MXT44 '_2:[_ -!K4?\ P*?_ !H_X237?^@UJ/\ X%/_ (T44 '_  DFN_\
M0:U'_P G_QH_P$DUW_ *#6H_\ @4_^-%% !_PDFN_]!K4?_ I_\:/^$DUW
M_H-:C_X%/_C110 ?\))KO_0:U'_P*?\ QH_X237?^@UJ/_@4_P#C110 ?\))
MKO\ T&M1_P# I_\ &C_A)-=_Z#6H_P#@4_\ C110 ?\ 2:[_P!!K4?_  *?
M_&C_ (237?\ H-:C_P!3_XT44 '_2:[_T&M1_\G_QH_X237?^@UJ/_@4_
M^-%% !_PDFN_]!K4?_ I_P#&C_A)-=_Z#6H_^!3_ .-%% !_PDFN_P#0:U'_
M ,G_P :/^$DUW_H-:C_ .!3_P-%% !_P ))KO_ $&M1_\  I_\:/\ A)-=
M_P@UJ/_ (%/_C110 ?\))KO_0:U'_P*?_&C_A)-=_Z#6H_^!3_XT44 '_2
M:[_T&M1_\G_ 
:/^$DUW_H-:C_X%/\ XT44 '_2:[_ -!K4?\ P*?_ !H_
MX237?^@UJ/\ X%/_ (T44 '_  DFN_\ 0:U'_P G_QH_P$DUW_ *#6H_\
M@4_^-%% !_PDFN_]!K4?_ I_\:/^$DUW_H-:C_X%/_C110 ?\))KO_0:U'_P
M*?\ QH_X237?^@UJ/_@4_P#C110 ?\))KO\ T&M1_P# I_\ &C_A)-=_Z#6H
M_P#@4_\ C110 ?\ 2:[_P!!K4?_  *?_&C_ (237?\ H-:C_P!3_XT44 '
M_2:[_T&M1_\G_QH_X237?^@UJ/_@4_^-%% !_PDFN_]!K4?_ I_P#&C_A)
M-=_Z#6H_^!3_ .-%% !_PDFN_P#0:U'_ ,G_P :/^$DUW_H-:C_ .!3_P-
M%% !_P ))KO_ $&M1_\  I_\:/\ A)-=_P@UJ/_ (%/_C110 ?\))KO_0:U
M'_P*?_&C_A)-=_Z#6H_^!3_XT44 '_2:[_T&M1_\G_ 
:/^$DUW_H-:C_X
M%/\ XT44 '_2:[_ -!K4?\ P*?_ !H_X237?^@UJ/\ X%/_ (T44 '_  DF
MN_\ 0:U'_P G_QH_P$DUW_ *#6H_\ @4_^-%% !_PDFN_]!K4?_ I_\:/^
M$DUW_H-:C_X%/_C110 ?\))KO_0:U'_P*?\ QH_X237?^@UJ/_@4_P#C110
M?\))KO\ T&M1_P# I_\ &C_A)-=_Z#6H_P#@4_\ C110 ?\ 2:[_P!!K4?_




<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroupCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ProceedsRelatedToStockBasedAwardActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsRelatedToStockBasedAwardActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ProceedsFromRefinancedTermLoan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfOtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_AccruedPurchasesOfPropertyAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_AccruedOtherIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentsScheduleAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivablesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeAndExpenseTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionSalesOfGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorLeasesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_InsuranceAccrualPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAssociatedWithExitOrDisposalActivitiesOrRestructuringsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ScheduleOfUsefulLivesForPropertyPlantEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsUsefulLifeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_FacilityClosureReserveTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_TreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_FacilityClosureReserveTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentsScheduleAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_SummaryOfSharebasedCompensationStockOptionsHighlightsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_SummaryOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitHighlightsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedPerformanceBasedUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_SummaryOfSharebasedCompensationPerformanceUnitHighlightsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMultiemployerPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ScheduleOfYearContributionsToPlanExceededMoreThanFivePercentOfContributionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostNotYetRecognizedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherOperatingCostAndExpenseByComponentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCapitalLeasedAsssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_FutureMinimumPaymentsUnderNoncancelableCapitalLeasesOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCondensedIncomeStatementTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedStatementOfComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCondensedCashFlowStatementTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PercentageOfOwnership'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=ths_ForeignJurisdictionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=ths_EquipmentAndFurnitureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=ths_EquipmentAndFurnitureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=ths_DeferredDebtIssuanceCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201609Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201609Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_TreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_TreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_TreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_TreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherRestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_TreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_TreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesCompletionDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_TreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesCompletionDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_RestructuringPlansOtherThanProject2020Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedCostChangeInExpectedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_RestructuringPlansOtherThanProject2020Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedCostChangeInExpectedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_RestructuringPlansOtherThanProject2020Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedCostChangeInExpectedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_RestructuringPlansOtherThanProject2020Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedCostChangeInExpectedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_RestructuringPlansOtherThanProject2020Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedCostChangeInExpectedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_RestructuringPlansOtherThanProject2020Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedCostChangeInExpectedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_TreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_TreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFacilityLocation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesInitiationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesEndOfProduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFullFacilityClosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DescriptionOfTypesOfProductsAndServicesFromWhichFacilityDerivesItsRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesPrimarySegmentAffected'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivityExpectedCashCostsProceedsToClose'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_TreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFacilityLocation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesInitiationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesEndOfProduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFullFacilityClosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DescriptionOfTypesOfProductsAndServicesFromWhichFacilityDerivesItsRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesPrimarySegmentAffected'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivityExpectedCashCostsProceedsToClose'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_TreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFacilityLocation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesInitiationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesEndOfProduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFullFacilityClosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DescriptionOfTypesOfProductsAndServicesFromWhichFacilityDerivesItsRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesPrimarySegmentAffected'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivityExpectedCashCostsProceedsToClose'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_TreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivityExpectedCashCostsProceedsToClose'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivityExpectedCashCostsProceedsToClose'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFacilityLocation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesInitiationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesEndOfProduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFullFacilityClosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DescriptionOfTypesOfProductsAndServicesFromWhichFacilityDerivesItsRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesPrimarySegmentAffected'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivityExpectedCashCostsProceedsToClose'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFacilityLocation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesInitiationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesEndOfProduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFullFacilityClosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DescriptionOfTypesOfProductsAndServicesFromWhichFacilityDerivesItsRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesPrimarySegmentAffected'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivityExpectedCashCostsProceedsToClose'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFacilityLocation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesInitiationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesEndOfProduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFullFacilityClosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DescriptionOfTypesOfProductsAndServicesFromWhichFacilityDerivesItsRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesPrimarySegmentAffected'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivityExpectedCashCostsProceedsToClose'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFacilityLocation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesInitiationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesEndOfProduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFullFacilityClosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DescriptionOfTypesOfProductsAndServicesFromWhichFacilityDerivesItsRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesPrimarySegmentAffected'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivityExpectedCashCostsProceedsToClose'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFacilityLocation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesInitiationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesEndOfProduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFullFacilityClosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DescriptionOfTypesOfProductsAndServicesFromWhichFacilityDerivesItsRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesPrimarySegmentAffected'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivityExpectedCashCostsProceedsToClose'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFacilityLocation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesInitiationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesEndOfProduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesFullFacilityClosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DescriptionOfTypesOfProductsAndServicesFromWhichFacilityDerivesItsRevenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesPrimarySegmentAffected'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivityExpectedCashCostsProceedsToClose'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesInitiationMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=ths_OtherThanTreeHouse2020RestructuringPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_BakedGoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_BeveragesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_CondimentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_MealsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_SnacksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationEarningsOrLossOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationIntegrationRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationIndemnificationAssetsRangeOfOutcomesValueHigh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationNonrecurringAdjustmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeInvestmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradingSecuritiesRealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_InterestIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesHeldForSaleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfRetainedInterestInSecuritizedReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLIFOReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LIFOInventoryAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfLIFOInventoryLiquidationOnIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageCostInventoryAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_WeightedAverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=ths_SnacksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=ths_AmportTrademarkMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelatedIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelatedIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ContractualRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=ths_SaucemakerTrademarkMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_SnacksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_CondimentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_BakedGoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_BeveragesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_CondimentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_MealsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_SnacksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelatedIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ContractualRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedInsuranceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxReconciliationInclusionOfPropertyAndGrossUpOfForeignTaxCreditDeemedDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseImpairmentLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationRepatriationOfForeignEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensionAndPostretirementBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ChangeInTaxRateIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAdjustmentOfDeferredTaxAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationRepatriationOfForeignEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationYearUnderExamination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleAmountOfUnrecordedBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DecreaseInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossible'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccruedSubjectToIndemnification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiariesNotPermanentlyReinvestedOutsideUnitedStates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_MaximumPercentageOfDeductibleInterestExpenseToAdjustedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=ths_DomesticAndInternationalOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=ths_DomesticAndInternationalOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=ths_DomesticAndInternationalOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_TaxCreditCarryforwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_TaxCreditCarryforwardExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_TaxCreditCarryforwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_TaxCreditCarryforwardExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_ForeignCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_ForeignCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_ForeignCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesDecreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromForeignCurrencyTranslation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromForeignCurrencyTranslation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_TermLoanAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_TermLoanA1FacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_TermLoanA2FacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyTwentyFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_CreditFacilityRatablyThroughJanuary312025Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_CreditFacilityRatablyThroughFebruary12023Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PercentageOfOwnership'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DebtInstrumentCovenantConsolidatedNetLeverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DebtInstrumentCovenantPermissibleAcquisitionConsolidatedNetLeverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCovenantDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ths_DirectAndIndirectGuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PercentageOfOwnership'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityBorrowingCapacityDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_CrossDefaultTriggeringAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFrequencyOfPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_TermLoanAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_TermLoanAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_TermLoanAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_TermLoanAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_TermLoanAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_TermLoanAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFrequencyOfPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_TermLoanA1FacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_TermLoanA1FacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSeniorLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecuritiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyEighteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyTwentyFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDebtNetOfIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyTwentyFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodStartDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyTwentyFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodStartDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyTwentyFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodStartDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentageOfPrincipalAmountRedeemed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyTwentyTwoAndTwentyTwentyFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PercentageOfHoldersInPrincipalRequiredToDeclareNotesDueAndPayableInEventOfDefault'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAverageFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInceptionDates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeMaturityDates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_BorrowingCostPercentageOnSwappedPrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_BorrowingCostPercentageOnSwappedPrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=ths_LongTermDebtCurrentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_LongTermDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_StockholdersEquityNoteLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_StockholdersEquityNoteLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_StockRepurchaseProgramExpectedAmountUnderAdministrativeRepurchasePlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_StockRepurchaseProgramExpectedAnnualCap'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_StockholdersEquityNoteLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_StockholdersEquityNoteLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmountUnderAdministrativeRepurchasePlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_StockholdersEquityNoteLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableValueAssigned'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsNumberOfUnitsConverted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardConversionRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ths_DirectorRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedAndDeferredNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ths_EmployeeRestrictedStockUnitsAndDirectorRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PerformanceBasedCompensationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PerformanceBasedCompensationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=ths_EquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ths_DirectorsStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ths_EmployeeAndDirectorStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ths_EmployeeAndDirectorStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ths_DirectorRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ths_EmployeeRestrictedStockUnitsAndDirectorRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_EmployeeServiceSharebasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromVestedEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodIncreaseDecreaseInFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_EmployeeServiceSharebasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromVestedEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetPriorServiceCostCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetUnamortizedGainLossMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=ths_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansActuarialAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=ths_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentDivestitureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DefinedBenefitPlanTerminatedAndVestedParticipantsPercentageOptingSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployerContributionsNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DefinedBenefitPlanTerminatedAndVestedParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployerContributionsNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansPensionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansWithdrawalObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanTypeAxis=ths_OtherMultiemployerPensionPlansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansWithdrawalObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansPostretirementBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualCashAwardsGrantedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfContributionsRequiredForMultipleCollectiveBargainingArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualCashAwardsGrantedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_PrivateBrandsBusinessOfConagraFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_NumberOfDefinedBenefitPensionPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_NumberOfPostRetirementPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=ths_BakeryAndConfectioneryUnionAndIndustryInternationalPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=ths_BakeryAndConfectioneryUnionAndIndustryInternationalPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=ths_BakeryAndConfectioneryUnionAndIndustryInternationalPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=ths_CentralStatesSoutheastAndSouthwestAreasPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=ths_RetailWholesaleAndDepartmentStoreInternationalUnionAndIndustryPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=ths_RockfordAreaDairyIndustryTeamstersRetirementPensionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=ths_WesternConferenceOfTeamstersPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=ths_RockfordAreaDairyIndustryTeamstersRetirementPensionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_MultiemployerPlansYearContributionsToPlanExceededMoreThanFivePercentOfContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DefinedBenefitPlanAcquisitionsDivestituresBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DefinedBenefitPlanAcquisitionsDivestiturePlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DefinedBenefitPlanAcquisitionsDivestituresBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=ths_PriorToAgeSixtyFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearHealthCareCostTrendRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=ths_AfterAgeSixtyFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearHealthCareCostTrendRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessExitCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseOtherNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_LeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_LeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesLesseeBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassAccumulatedDeprecation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAverageFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInceptionDates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeMaturityDates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeDescriptionOfTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=ths_ElectricityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeDescriptionOfTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=ths_DieselFuelContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeDescriptionOfTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=ths_NaturalGasContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeDescriptionOfTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=ths_CornContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeDescriptionOfTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesAndCommodityContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnCommodityContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DirectOperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_MaterialReconcilingItemsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GeneralCorporateExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_BakedGoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DirectOperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_BeveragesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DirectOperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_CondimentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DirectOperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_MealsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DirectOperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_SnacksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DirectOperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_CorporateOfficeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_GeographicConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=ths_OtherCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=ths_DressingsAndSaucesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=ths_SnackNutsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=ths_BeveragesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=ths_RetailBakeryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=ths_BakedProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=ths_CerealsAndOtherMealsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=ths_PastaAndDryDinnersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=ths_TrailMixAndBarsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=ths_BeveragesEnhancersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=ths_PicklesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroupCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IntangibleAssetsAndOtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IntangibleAssetsAndOtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_GuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroupCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IntangibleAssetsAndOtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_NonGuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IntangibleAssetsAndOtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_GuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_NonGuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossFromSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossFromSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_GuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossFromSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_NonGuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncreaseInRestrictedCashAndPaymentForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ProceedsRelatedToStockBasedAwardActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsRelatedToStockBasedAwardActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ProceedsRelatedToStockBasedAwardActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsRelatedToStockBasedAwardActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_GuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncreaseInRestrictedCashAndPaymentForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_NonGuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncreaseInRestrictedCashAndPaymentForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=ths_AssetRelatedCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=ths_EmployeeRelatedCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_OtherRestructuringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCostRemaining1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivityExpectedCashCostsProceedsToClose'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IncreaseDecreaseInExpectedRestructuringCostsDueToRevisedEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_RestructuringAndRelatedActivityExpectedCashCostsProceedsToClose'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCostRemaining1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCostRemaining1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCostRemaining1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+
MWTG] E!+ P04     %0%1
'[ F4.X    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O

*=A<CHEV;.Z[
M%R/SW2 :/'#'@B4E'<0B*VS;&$%G$AE

M4

M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!
M4$L#!!0    ( (5 5$RQ;O\LI0(   



M7!BOB51#?@U$RRDY&U)=!3@


#[JC5:4CJ77\&8+ZHZ8F3M_?
MHW\QR:MDCD30':M^EV=Y6_FY[YWIA=PK^<RZKW1(*/&](?OO]$$K!=<K41HG
M5@GSZYWN0K)ZB**64I.W_EDVYMGU7Y)TH,$$/!#P2,#QIX1H($0C 7U.B =

1T4?$WD7$\!(B

?(T*
)/8'I

MT%-KBUQ$!@LDH$#BT'-+P$4L8($4%$@=.K)/&8#
''
&2F0NWSKG;0])#*3I
M*R%$
QN5@R*Y*V*5RA: S-3* I18N/S$D@ @*2R!0MASH1LALUT'8/(9E1EG
M(S?PE9!SIF@(?I8L8@/3X!F%'CM_(P!FIL(0;&
4N1'L&H
PT8P*[';D




_7.^[:D
M'TC6#BU7
/9]ZW]02P


M
6_2]T2(

22)P22I1V(022XR)CT2
M@TCR-*-)4I(DQ23^:%

MQ




ML&25+]DEL^Y):8:F1V*A!!PK:
D*;%GE6U9@@^HTS9%3B)S1CCK@%4'+5FCT
M%.A^:4E*; EE6])@36I7
0
0







P;J9NNYM?




7\F0Q?T5A0[#IC
M]=_1#6$AER0BQY%@IOZ=XY5QTHY1!$H+WW3;=*H=]$J:C3:[(1@-P63PH[N&

E7J9\AA65 R.%3O5@_E2^%O0O$PCW)2/3NU)JIE8O96)E$!;C+.




MYK3R$]_;NT-VRYLOY?U7-W;(^-[8^]_=A\M;O%/2MK$K\[K_[^UN=5
68RVM
ME+[/ES/E_YZ'^O_#.,#8 R 1X



  '

VUHH:6DPAG.1B0W
M


M.C
^E




M:&5E='

!2&_PK#_0+AFXPZL]KB;A=UIYVVUZQ&

M496V^HB\DY3AM1-VC2U-2_ZK;
]E1;


;

MC#ED5@#3$3JST/DP01\+4](+5_@D$\BPALQGF;&'1 AE$9@EQ#A#YDEF+
'P
M
Y3&'3)?(
8;
B\0XP^9:(3EU8=3O/ZXJ(V

M\PQV+T
@3.NB05R.Y!QYL'I7:194 WD]R/0U86(_R]#96OK(1@*@%Z E*9


M


MVZ#

M/'3QTH5X%T=0//3PTH-X#T=0//3QTH=X'T=0/ SP

8(0M


$%     @ A4!43*537 W; 0

MHRPR

$?EW#U2










FM:
*PA#QVP/

 JTB4JKG!'R0*1MDR@0QAFTY

O'F :8
PRP/*&#&TE( G.54$\IT&JTDQ,B19H=&=7I&/%R!
MH2MA#5\ A+6C*GT='@* \4PI0U0Q$X0Y- R!!ZRP%!6D

I:?#HQGN




MX_@_





V$$5_Q?[97$X%.D@9#8*%J@




Q_//BR?7GM^@?+

M-CY]OS5

E';1LN
X6R%8W8P
1!#UVJ\E$. T=$%%JMJQ@
MMOPLN447ZEH%Z' C9@< R=7S3@Y)J
F7P1:S*A6R.=H4S,T,THNX@Z%72
MD@:

BID!*K*$;Q@

&K&
M.S M@IX]2&:4=0 9Y2D8&(Q^ ]CO5&:@@;V(;%+#J&71%_/5]$=V =1L;7+H




!].: *T+:3($




V)7-1B6[' 5J3';ZPV@D\6!/8!WS 2_^R
M@-ODU1G:&NC(QG6C D?UQ;PWL4UD[ ,,?,!+V/@ YSGB8:P#S#P 2^W- P2



M;  
M%H54N3RT*A]'M<ON$B<1




MQS3$QX!' 8-;G$FHY&S

M_

=;*^()V(?1'QGS5
M@1;^QO9@\*:Q3HN IFN9[QV(.H&T8CS+7C$MI*%EGGQG5^9V$H:.#OB!ZV%
OS_N[
M5#O6
:CP:
?W
-=S2\E
M\
'JF06E:/$\[=*D?9QN;OD



5=!O8^/2+[
M%3Y-^R?A6FD\N=B +YOZWU@; *5D-SA'7ZPQ5#0A'A\C6<WC=ED!-O//X@M






M6YQ)J.1LS%

MW

TTL65E+WS1DTL

P9-U^&Y5X2[


O

BYX;6Q]4V%OVR 0_2N('U 2.VNSR+;4=)I6J96B3ML^$_MLHP+G

M1J.X\Z9IF.T



\_4?A

D+[SSP-XF\4W^AH_3_LA-

9QVPT'';3#V+S-R[^ %!+
M P04     %0%1


M970Q
RYX;6Q]4]MNW 0_17$!X1=O&F3E6TIFZIJI59:I6K[S-IC&X6+WB=


'C36*=%

[14-'!VQ ]:_?[!

M;+L0':S
95P?TA.RO_!IUK\*UTKC

/OM1@*FA/[_'LIB&;C&#[^?^PY1.7?P!02P,$
M%     @ A4!43+K4B T 0  T@

GF+O9*OA9(CME1+FSQ$D#AG=T!?'0ULW
M+CA8GG:BAA_@?G8GXRTVLY2M FU;U
F:
MC.XI*:$2O70/.-S#5,\G2J;BO\$%I \/2GR. J6-*REZZU!-+%Z*$L_CWNJX
M#^,-WT^P=0? 'P&[&


T65)@K^

 WB=_GT'[+A6


-=;




M0%1





V6CLJVL!/'G3JG



+2M'B;=IE%_=QNDEOL&T

&9VQ%O$/Q#KW7@B?W&;L&
MHCGF-

V&OOD6@!/7K3J7$Y;[_L#8ZYL00MW97KH\*8V5@N/IFV8ZRV(*I*T8CQ)




MQPG#5YAT03!47T+PK1!'_H[.M^F[S0QWD;Y;T]-D6V_*;/ OL/2]S I/\7
MR58]U6;.$V.E&;HXB2OO,O WO'X)O_@T[0_-O(SI&S\?BRL?^U


+=F0%ZO&F

2K_:*:/L-3S
MAI*E^





/

$%     @ A4!43!Z9G(RU 0
MT@


^-'!Z%9G$BHY&_
2C*]53G=!$$@H?6 0N%W@ :0


MWDY)I%ZG:9



0B47Q*=@?*ERF@1!H*!T@4'X[0KWH%0@\C)^
MS9QT21F Z_



70/1''.:8O@J)ETBF&=?



M]J%T!\9\U4'6O@;VX/!F\8Z+0*:KF6^=R#J!-**\=WN+=-&EKFR7=V96Z'


\;2N;B/\
5%(9'


M)_X7G&_#]YL*]PF^_TWA/P@.FP2'1'#X;XE;
?L_DK!53S6X-DV3)Y4=3)KD

$60T$3XO$=GMTT
M9I


M5EJE:O/


.?
F6%(!S0OM@%PY$U);3/:.-?M
M&;-% TK8*^Q ^YL*C1+.FZ9FMC
@R@A2DO'-YH8IT6J:I]%W-'F*O9.MAJ
A

M(0GQ








$%     @ A4!43#26C-*U 0  T@

M'CI_4Z/1PGG3-
SV!D0525HQGB373 O9T2*+OI
I

MF-

M]BB4DD-G978$0-U3N]VA^




M:7\0II&=)6=T_F5C_VM$!SZ5Y


MW@!02P
$%     @ A4!43)N271&S 0  T@
E&.PB@75U+TSAL]L: 4







[GM_
MYBTO5*=V0TT
U#F]WQ^.:8B/ 3\Z&.WJ3$(E9\27



M+GAM;'U3VV[;




M7.5T$P6!@C)$!H';%1Y J4B$
GY-G'1.&8'+\PO[QU0[UG(1'AZL^BFKT.;T

M-[=\@JT#^ 3@

M95/_:VL#H)3-#8Y0BQ]L-A34(1[O\.S&
1N-8+OI!['Y&Q=_ %!+ P04
M %0%1



_2N('U!R7-:=3DFD7J=IDS;IU&GK9RYQ$E2(

MO6C@&[CO_=EXBRTLE=3068D=
5#G]&YW/*4A/@;\D##:U9F$2BZ(3\'X7.4T

@#7YQ?VC[%V7\M%6+A']2@KU^;T0$D%
MM1B4>\#Q$\SUO*-D+OX+7$'Y\*#$YRA1V;B2
M9M@V@
\ O@ .

DK[S*P=SR^R6OX-.U?A6ED9\D%G7_9V/\:
MT8&7DMSX$6K]!UL
!;4+Q_?^;*8QFPR'_?R#V/*-B]]02P
$%     @ A4!4
M3(*R V&U 0  T@

4C_
M;



^@XR2OO
K!W/+[)G_!IVK\*VW3:D;/Q^+*Q_[4Q'E#*
M[@I'J

$%     @ A4!43(%X
M[LNU 0  T@


H'#*ZI1^.)UDW+CA8GG:BAF=PW[NS
M\1:;64JIH;426V*@RNC]]GA*0GP



MV**G&DP=I\F2 OLV3O+.P_L/8]O\CM\G/9'86K96G)!YU\V]K]=.E;&[\
M#7^@\V&@LJ%XYT_FW'
1L-A-_T@-G_C_!U02P
$%     @ A4!43&9$6/^U
M 0  T@
RX5FOU!9CAG#
7AFQ$


46









&T+7.]!5$GD%:
[W9OF!;2T#)/
MOK






MP0+[DH)OI3CQ?^!\&W[85'A(\



+?V X
WM36:1'0= WSG0-1)9!6C&\VMTP+:6B1)=_9


H_=:\,,A8]=(-,6<QAB^B-G.$0S9
MYQ1\+<6)_P/GZ_#=JL)=@N_^4'B[3K!?)=@G@OU_2UR+N?LK5OT5(-KTC1Y

M/-[AV8UC-AK!=M
/8O
W+GX!4$L#!!0    ( (5 5$P5J0'_H (  *P*   9

T+GAM;'56T8Z;


L;\^4D9

M]W:R6(FKKLJ&[V2@KG7-Y)\MK\1]'9+P8^.E/%]TMQ$5JY:=^0^N?[8[:5;1





M17(HD@.N2.
!D6641!2!PO8TPRQ8EQ!\929FX) 5#F



M4G
)RG*MD(&FP _;XRD+^ CXR6&T*QN%3BY:OP3G2UW@32@(!%0N
J0
M22A6_L0<*W.C1V2FL^]9N.+MD?JSJ4(P'D7<\\5;'[V6]/-R340S9C3A*$K
MS'9!$


V
M+GAM;(U5[VZ;


M:N

M4KZZX



M?M]BDFB)F^2H27Y'OS%
BINL4)
5(I#A G:PH*\CNJ
9B)\BL?
GN0 M3)

$%     @ A4!43 XK@7/# 0


CMJYH^P=+/'J.E
Y[6789T6_2LM3J +@=X0R%PH./_(







\




Y+GAM;&U3









MJ[4#+R6Y\B/4^P^V&@):%XZW_FSF
9L-IX?E!Y'U&U?O4$L#!!0    ( (5

QUW
0OP SG



M!\SU?
-H+OX7G($[N
_$Q:@4-V%%U6L$K.*2T70MVEG,NSC=)-=:-N$98D

M
6G\_5
0LNJI -V&:3*H4H




;G
M
D

$)



%=8Z?XN
I=7@/^-'!J%=[Y#JY2/GJ@L]5CB-7$' H
MC5-@=KG!

M(L=/


0EA#F&3-&B2!@32C4D(\[@Q(:LK*$ U
M?O@T*N6U]X._RB[S_43]%7Z'3X_#5Z::KM?H(HT=!']=:RD-V%*B!WNJK7V/

#PY97KWB#U!+ P04     %0%1






M9='$:\A W)[?U!]B[;Z6







!!_%8L'J
$D




X*[LBJTK5



$%
M  @ A4!43
0)'A*S 0  T@



M[VZ;


MG- HVA/!FC;


8


.@
MA(KUW#S+X0M

M'F\/&;D[H0ES'C%T@=G


_\$I* S:7Z
'^#VO;


ME(3$:179EII6U:ZT*T6M=OM

M3 -@T;O@TF2XL;;;$V**!@0S-ZH#Z;Y42@MF7:AK8CH-K PDP0E=K79$L%;B



:OL'43X+1

M

.(H0O









MF(:X3H(0

D$M49(D0I($(ALEPD14JLD((%H$(AEGB(FM49(T0K (1#+/&


8
W&X+I)L:11(_Q-(WY3X'I/<


M

MFULB*).XS$/NJ

<@3NX=^)J5(J;\(NJP5@E9A5G1=/:64RK..L?Z'%<E,2*X(
M9H4G'^EEI:Y5B/2T]GWU%_Q=I^XLZE\
AQ%^.;

MR:)%LHC W561&.:Z$[*Z. &Z#4_6H$H-
HS+*KM
Q4
2+OX3/HW43ZI;)@TZ

M     %0%1


M

MK-ER7P2&WY\98
PGI5]

3.NLS5: 7OX:R1&:5D^L\)A)H*O

M2)D/K(7O8'\



@AA&K]G3;J$#
3U^4W]
=:.


20T/AP_X=E.8S89WO3S
M#V++-R[_ E!+ P04     %0%1

M)WOH[$HEE6#&AJHFNE? 2D\2G- H2HA@;8?SU.?.*D_E8'C;P5DA/0C!U.\3



5
M;CU]NZ;'^[! '!2(O4#\3XN'FQ9#F$]ADUW09/=18!/=F(0P_]G))&B2! 3H
MC4D(L[TQ(:O3(4#5_EYH5
BA\W=RE5VNWCWUI^LO?+JWWYBJVTZCBS3VC/J3
M5$EIP)82W=F&&_M4+ &'RKCIWL[5=&&FP
A^?@O(\B#E?P!02P
$%     @

M;5/;;IPP$/T5RQ\0@Y=-HQ4@95-%B=1(JU1MG[TP@!5?B&V6Y.]K&T)HRHOM






MEQ*W

M5Q:=M?
O&_O?

#YK3M4)XZWT7FJ1@T:SNXR$ -G%/YYPQ
C!G:H3?'4ULWVCIPGO:T

+HUKM UO)58@7:WPM
Q3:

MH@/33V+\ G
]
0KFXK_!#9B!VTR

.\GB+P$D2.(
'4%.<C:#9\*C%T;O!7WF6^'XB[PO_@T^/PG<JZ[51P%=H
@KNNE1 :








M)PIR#;L@.(FL#W!3N.N91LCOM_3Z+3U^[PA
O *3CW\;(/%WFN3?&]=@QN5(






$C3#Q

MH02K&3(1#)M(AC7J9(T03*0#B?&

MV4^2#ZC%\Y^P.6H1$%M
^

7+@SGJ$5 D]\6KQ:

M$*+QE9+_ U!+ P04     %0%1

M:&5E='


MA;2/BWI4







M+BU1C]EV&'J#(0
BLNQ#(I;.EH.

M!!(DXPS8_W
$
(EGE@0
(@!9YY22)!.E[F !(L),@$F83C($@99 @*.4B

\V1[$9:#)#+38#!4?6T

M P
GPT@M @G/ALH\ER=D!L]&Q[ 9V(S[$\-F8%-N4 @D/!LJPXYAP RI+U5L



MG( 6





MZ:=QJMU;AU#!HX*@!PV-YG9B9VH'S;XOP



FJ?OU0


5JM=
MJ95&76WW-Y





J\##(PD6%WB4!;O[L RL4+&.KPZ&!G
M2B#0'I!



M/J#Q Q

3OM@V

]WS



9?V--N
M:(3]

ICJJ[3?1]
_3#

_H;%928#  !3#@  &0   'AL





M8CQ C :(38#X0Q46LRKT-@MCTQB;)
AG1&P;&CB8)&@BB94(C1Q

M%FB !5**;%8*S;'03(4)+,)%$T \FL6A((



0I4CB?5X8V3BAVD
M'B[46/1M3C^1O!U:N'#L(]?_ %!+ P04     %0%1
EH;;8@0&   J*@


BYX;6R5VN].ZS88!O!;J7H!;?S?
M1H $3-
F;1(ZT[;/ 0)4IVVZ)

M]6M1-(L?N^V^OEJ^-LWA8KVN'U^+75ZORD.Q;__S7%:[O&E?5B_K^E 5^5-_








MHQ#S9;!C(W&


HMNY8

@2

MC7GY%:L'


0NSNT6/%7J+8





M2+[BE1A&(?:


*&D\1PFALV
M;(5

0HQQ0DK
M3A+%*!2RKZ$[$%(9NQBRH4-'87F%S,/T8M1&=OX(9D18J0!4IE9.]')ID4



MM(W.5FV;7XO\Z?1B6SPWW9_=YY;JN'GQ^*(I#U?'G9GKT_;0Z_\ 4$L#!!0




M!


MCRE9_BOR3U!+ P04     %0%1

M:&5E='
[EVW
MWAYYD=:../%2?;,759%*]5H=W/I4\737*A6YYX7ND6:E?9JT:X]5JN%.
L\

M9Z*T*KY?V@_L?H-QH]!*_
[XM1X]6TTJ3T(\-R]?=TO;:R+B.=_*QD2J/BY\

MX7U@6WUV7_C%YXK\282Y6,K\KK];6W/M11%;T6%4J0OW6=6MI_7WOZK&JT
MO0(,BS\4 %[!7Q3\-ODN\C:5#^E

ME6VM5B^K($H6[J4QU




?  *-9912L




M].9GBS0S2-V$TX
(-V(B
MQ;:_U41)C-J6)RE)]^TG68H7\1X5J7_4EO-XQZ/XWAU/NG@IRA_58Y[7BY_[

E7-6C+@B
MZ(J *QNY(N9*C7JRT%?COER/MJ6CMTLJY2.5K;E6.SLL($!Z ;;E594F/W


MOMC@$B:P;$B:$2U6 \GE $0+0
E[BTDK.6MM\ D3F LR3(]683(H
2%:!'*)



ML3!IKCDVI3D::XYV




LE@43B
M&&TQS^V
I@%A\A(@KXS300\:9EPQ)DR$Z4N OC)Q*B)
2IK1.B#
- )
XS%S



Q.




  &8-






:64

R-I
M9A8-BNF:S2R:-)H%@J:!B+9W1.A)I]:

MB38Y(%INA,&T)B*(4L[JBVP'8_4P:$K%+*IW$*/+Q4#;& @?









52A?R$1






H_P%0
M2P

M7A.IAOR$1
0;*NK6/

C*M9X'(YK_P-^VN!($PSB9P6=

MV1$!&T9_50=9KOVE[QW@2
Y4OK#N



MI
!0K
MI\#J?A2K6951$$^2F&-PL'3[P*'[F(6.+&[L*WSCI.+'T\#N8X:C^WE8S-41
MF!T3TK'H(D3-+J!])/PC?!3U0AOQZ2ZS

@I(+ [7G2_4*#0
*1ZF[

$%     @ A4!43
'(*ML# @  HP4  !D


ME9NP5JI;(R3+&AB1

AI9A
+C_
!Y
JDPZ06TUI
-
/^

M5_?;U*_=^\M&=Q@=0

M\0]02P



M9F]J&W1;X=9


(7$=Z;7SMQ.RX1!J^TP-V/I

XZ(0F0
!'Z-8S#WMY
S8LPX^5X4?:D% X2(U U'#'8Y J292



;E4]L_ 23G]3W)O-?X Y4P;42



M@8IWP3_$)$XQB4/

N
MW@;K7^QX0[Q61.
9E#S&8E)GO8_EVT#58G\FA1V1*UV:ZDH
45T$_25\*O
M;2^\
Y/J-IDS7S
F0?&%@7+7J%=P#BC44D\W:L[M6V #R8;IF4/S6UO^ 5!+
M P04     %0%1


M970W
BYX;6Q]5-N.FS 0_17$!V#NV42 M$E5M5(K15MU^^R024!K8VH[8?OW




4^E8A=);;Q0WI\

9S#H.UN'L%RUL






[W;B@

R)DSEP



MPSIHU4G).
52F;QHN. T.B!/FN&R&*F];.$N.[\QAO21-Q=NB9Y2S/\=

M\GHI*)2H?AM7)O6K
.D?Z=M$_R)X


M3^F3KZ_)RG]4TSL.V[O
./H_

M%/4R+YT

ULHH;$)!$PJ8H)&)3H;N3'!-
FC^1M-J2PHIHZ'D



MAH++&;%B*#BJR^
WFMOE%E2-H3D


ML=QA5P80+2H?CFY(86*4#8.*'.@K#(.:T5 I#(-ZI*%0N2 3F%B%&BHGL^


 \WHIC3&08
O;FM=
M5MM+5JZ%66TOA DAY


VAKH^+;BNI.ZGR2[]-YM_V
MZM;_ U!+ P04     %0%1

M='


M?K





MX9\8QF'\ !@'P&. B'X[ 



0#X6OK#Q? N=@&0YS!SN*
M0. ](!L$]N-Q%D3*&YL =D;D!


M:!EKL4W):H%(S!1-1,CDV=D1, +1T#HA!A93%BT1RRO6\%JR[. !94[@J8!
MAZ&TQLMKC, %13F9IY^

(*FZ1!;J/!)*@2T9P3
M5(K




MN1UF0,*6JI*7'$D[&[HA'D'3DP9V1RQI:_,!M9!:)$/R$B8Y2.A STCF:7)
MX

^/Y5CSMAA._7V:& \C/67VZ
ME(WS6K5M5?0'7






M H?XW'CI#JVV#5+F SW =] _AITT%5E4ZHY#KSK1(PE-@3^$FVUF\0[PLX-1

OK[3$R_U9_9/+;K+L

K]HNJHM.S
MBK'Z=NT=KU;QUG_3/
3HID0+80P^2\AG@GQ#8%
SES4CU33
I=B1'+ZLP9J


086%Y'7

2;

MAI%Z!=+'AY%Y!;('AI$]

(+!

M_2N([PO8Q@962:1-JNI.NDJKGMI^9A


\#$SW_\A766OXR$37V*JZ
MG_X'VW
_J


1C.(5&-H$F^*9%9_R!$^0H@G2*4%Z
PNY
PLS







M#OI@J\[M

M %0%1




M]'/?:Z E-RI?V/P5EGH2WUN*_PYWH$JN
U&
FE%AWEY]$Y(-BXM*92#OMNU'
MT\YV)4N6

O]
)*D*SF:/V[V?B/[$T1&KO:GUI-D*LZ:2



M+GAM;'V5VXZ;
!&7P7Q !AS)B*1&JJJE5HIVJKMM9,X :W!U';]NUK&Y82

MI7*D]%5-OIRW?JB(

$GH5P@^;CC&A.B/$F.W[-3?XFI#-?C=^^?=/(RF2/B
MN*;D5WL6S=8O?.^
+^A&Q L=/^


8#)?PWBV2 V#


*W)6C6;.?--%*$STJ:EL1_Y
 ;!0
M1$Z*2-O'ZP@P=CN(G0YB[2!Y2
UTI@TN=;T6I.D
(B-5%RJ(H!NF
0)DSA@
M
@-FTA2K


!F

8&98NO?L+4$L#!!0    ( (5 5$RF<HG[-@
M (L

!2&_PK#
M]P7'4:=J59[\3*=[NSN9ZI1F0)Q(=;NO]\0(H7DC*4?CD\[\F;G 3BZ$+*
M]^J(
=4^\ZRHQOJ1TE-LFM7VB/.D


M\$]


Y+]27?T

M


1B6Y:&6SGT])_=I 
4-9\CK*]Q=_R'9$Q:(?D\V1^9'G4DP
MTX:Q.PRR)&8%,UA
@NM#QOT

MRCB2X4
$Y/('3=8%\
M.(

%9WYXKFM(E5X#&(HL0ZK21L50$'62]5Q[L&L/


;%4



MQ+OQ$HK/O7CA0;P7+Z'XW(\7/L3[\1**WP7Q)H#F(10G;?-K/IMC^CHI#VE1
M:6^$L@

MG:3[][






-1! 'LH60(O.+(-XXB;4GDSAS

M'68V%IQ$J:
7@M+(*9$MQ

MI;=277CE%E N21RY!?121




RYX;6Q]EFUO
MFS 0Q[\*XOT VSQ62:22:-JD3:HV;7OM)DZI@9)^F^_6Q#*;&/\B)@YW]W

7#95J*$YAWPE&
M#\:HJ4



M*ASD%J^KB6=IN


MA(%0Q Z%W84'^41P046$2.\R4AP*8JEBH#@BLQ DIQ;)?B4707*0_2XNZR


M %0%1



STKU3W$L]V?64AGQGG7ZS9&+EBH]
M%:=8]H+1@S5JFSA-DCQN:=V%JX5=VXK5@E]44W=L*P)Y:5LJ_JY9PV_+$(5O

M)^/ I++C_
5
OAZ686*(6
/VRKB@^G%E&]8TQI/F^#

M)[.CDFUX\[L^J/
R+


H&8B2







%&\'Z]G\?V.N/H'4$L#!!0    ( (5 5$P3


!_S-E^OZNJTJ



OW7CV71G/]:I3E;Q1]^0T]R/&C[1L+
B[EH_I^ HQ3T/PE/-+E
\
MA!I^J7@

MO2C)ATTAT'STODDNB


 \5D?C$LR
.3L!JH(OR(04.Z8SPL)TW\

.PG3( \OO

MK@#V
 9
+/6A=R)S
3N57W$HDI0U





M7!#-H21(R64#.ZBZ$1!J?3A%8Y8BF?X1MB(P00(1Y*/J1!=K;6TH5@5F



M_P=02P
&ULC591KYHP%/XKA/<!!00T2B*:94NVQ-QEVW/5*N096W5
MNW^_MB 7V^/-7J0]?M\YWSF4T[.\4?;*2T*$\];4+5^YI1#=PO?YH20-YA[M
M2O_.5'68&W[.SSCA%\U*2F]L
@2/P&5ZV;+[5MQ_(EO8BZ:LF..?S2-)C]


15Q
MNKY[_ZR3E\GL





$^.20J*30&QD2$DM8/$



MVJ2HT[9G-W$25
#



*H]/)G!U]WCXPB7O*M
A1






M]X=@91FH+ .4D8&R#-BUN/]V6&D +-.[1F$Y%)1# 3DI3)#!/G[_80BN]$




M6)+7059

M+^VAU@Z4:-R!/;S^:EC^ U!+ P04     %0%1
 3^OD!T  !!@  &0




TNIRJ&AI1


M$



 S]

X



MU


M2
]

MVMK9
ZU6:NLE701QXET
48?9M)A@@$]PM/L?8@ [$))N[!=8#M%!$M;X0(

=M
-[I<4;C =-BTM!@I'<;S!_5F.-E1(YV
GRL[YP;6?IRM WO_?L#;6?B=

M U!+ P04     %0%1

O



%L 39




&IDRE$2

])B4 @@99H6B1P\$LP*


(TDI

;Q0Y%BJ*(:7 GBY8ZFB&%XZ UZ*


M8(@=#46$88C&2T%AB$3YM)6B2*Q]]M



M%2B$2*0(+($\9V,9"UQ:064UM,$CJ2Q&2^#%)A 9)((RC%0F8) &4I(
7
M F$(G0%DZ0 039(TF+(3;OB:389H%;I0U-QEL&E$+ 4 I0RA0DRD ;_]^9

MV\(
D/J..YA
^!PO%H

X#CA
&P&'#VA%C8#!KXK

M[T4[=[4+Q9MNI@SZP3;_!U!+ P04     %0%1


M;J%4L_0\N2^@HG+&&ZCUGR



^LMIA8HNI+6;A/Q)4)%H*A*2D0B&7&1.2HR1YS$HP7!
 DN
M$J
B



M P04     %0%1


M970Y



M(^



Y5_*%==_H4%#D.D/U/^B%5@JN




M:09)9#6KQ\0&TQA
Z

2@23PD;(D F2!11:@R (@
M2V1Q:1=01K(@DHDDQ%4L\2228B

MP))I.D

ND\&=B8&K&D?
FL E'KVJ8YN


8













@(&A3(4
M5+_.L '&#)/.XT]/Z@Z:)O!V?&7_;
UK




/&$_S#R(!)K(.'@B(/[L7V3QB EPB1'V$-CR\
M4^)CQ-$*$%D:([D\EH(SI


M0)!&$UM!?+PN_8\?:#)1V@2Q$8]K&P


M+GAM;&V3VXZ;
!&7\7R ZPY)#2) *G9JMI*NU*T5=MK!X: U@?6=L+V[3LV
M!*$M7&#/\,\W!^Q\T.;-M@.?$BA;$%;Y_H#8[9J07+[H'M0^*711G*'IKDP
MVQO@=0B2@B51E#').T7+//A.ILSUU8E.P




/$




M_!7$!V# A$M$D+JIJE9JI6BK;I^=Y!#0&DQM)VS_OK8AE 6WR@OV
3/#S
%V



=6O&?M2_T^R$

M]59DD9^CFQ8:

CY*TN0L/'
WX:^'8!;!7 1B!Z
M)X 7
09

MXH45-#MU^A;\1OBE;H5S9%(=8'/

M).O&FQ5-UWOQ!U!+ P04     %0%1
A4QZ+L$#  #7$0  &0   'AL+W=O


M;?M
$Z=!!9P!;;9_/P-N!+YS2ONAO.2YN^?.=P^&Y4G5S\U!RM;[6Q95L_(/








X
MQ2FWMGW7!C3NE












M[]]/:BU' LOM($WG%$0&$T5] :#B3.8!8/9:EG0L27$+B!1 ?EAZ%W047(


$4V('J5()IC1 8 +22(WM!DP[?H4H)IA?:1#AL?

C/$+CBT1BXTOPC!%!8N-+$$TP0298

3 P+GAM;'U4VXZ;
!#]

_XG#
7/$YZ

FJI5QHQI<04_0?UJST);
M:%0I&@I,-IQY LK4?USO3['!6\#O!GHYV7NFD@OG+\;X5J1^8!( KDRE@O
M5S@(49(I_$Z:/IC2$.<[F_J7VWMNI8+EG#DY$]3J#KU=[Y70(D[HIYY_P1#
M/0^^-Q3_':Y --QDHF/DG$C[]?).*DX'%9T*Q6]N;9A=^T'_1ELFA 
A' GK

$G0^)QE_P!02P,$%     @
MA4!43.9&/6(&!   Q!,  !H   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
3 Q+GAM






MWG!^_^[]]Z'XKIC7O)4;5?Y;[/5IZ0O?V\M#?BGU-W7]0TX%Q;XW5?]%OLFR

M&1#^H0&?#+AA$(ZE#'.SS76^6C3JZC7CZSWG_2HB3[R;_5T_.$SV\%LW/6TW

4ZP3K9
M8,_F=:81=LA SXXX/-)8
28J!&3#)AZK,R2ATAZ0QL\8\T T1GH+ML8
M9AM;V6:IF6UL12$D

I)0QQYP(&$: 
+$11EAA!(GC!(?)8)@
A$F

 B3XB D




SU(P)%-_M
M'/V?(Q0F/24/J. $FH=B[D!8&BB0!N'0.(I)3S_18U#,9_I(ET'M-H-:'97=
M0I T,+=A*!JVI,98I:#5-3J=TAT2@CD8RQ1QV=14'+L
=GE-\F./C!'0F:
38%@Y
M&']\R3'
9 :8G)F;& 2YWA\F
@



(
9A

$

M







M/%^';WTB@]F-&)IAV(0(=?:)@A#%CA;A]$BP7R(X808.F^!#?#QO(LUP@A@F

MQ)92!





BNRA690



\.
/

4A\C?A+SZE0C*8LMWO#R4




MEZ:GUA$S?CO*.^R


5'-0$T8'J8^Y\[-MO@'

6 .U
MVCDQ3K%42WY&HN& CX9$8J8(XHKFH_STQLS_.
722I:MAS3UPHQ?SO!@AK





M2$9[%66%XO=NK&HSMMU.&O4T-R'J=% .=W7%/B#\)R5UTA


\5)49@T#



MS49OFD=A/E/%=VKWO*(DIHOPK)&&H'4?!-.@


*

TOX$7USS%1
_



PYVW$:?&C.*3W7'B?@ S4[Z'
M]^/Z]Z+=ETWGO0BI)E

M:&5E='


MX@2T!E/;2;9_7U\(2XQWM2_8/LR







3 W+GAM;(V6
MVXZ;
!&7P5Q7[#-.4HB)5M5K=1*JZVVO782)Z %3&TG;-^^MB$LT.U-_&!
MF?^;L9D


14657HJ++QO!
MZ



MTQZ%?::#EWKWML4H2M;^S2CU1OO.B(R-!@M?RP\
 C'V9.Z.0@(K!&4@54(
M1@I9@F!$!0(K4#X/H1@DF9G%%FCVAI]2G$4Q3 H D'1#)2E&2P0@P+QQU--
M0($$2C6:I)K

KJK+(1*XT\O/#^8[A4

M:&5E='


M$U !



M=\+VJ%%'Q-.JKX2B?E9A5GKP(L=V$.
DWZ3Y3#
3@ID0+ 0_^9 0SH3PC1!]
M2(AF0J007)F*J


O_4$L#!!0    (

[.I<\G37&N6938X3V'EZ*LSEO!U[+I=S<:FS4\&?2Z.ZY'E:_K?B
MF;@N3&:^#7PY'8YU,V OY^?TP+_R^MOYN91W]LW+[I3SHCJ)PBCY?F$^L5E

L 'U!C35P.T-W)L!








 MWF=@8
G-($. 90L03.

M9
+Z?:.JZ81&9VGLY/CWK:4T8%.

M?Z7X U!+ P04     %0%1
^F;3+]V.PFN\ED-KO[[+2T
M-:/21=K._OL%M([M6E]J +G7C@'.(7IA;+W^D (MS[*HJIG]H'SX\1UZ\V!


I
8

[
2VMF27G0K^2B]?24LHM*V6
M_7=R)H6 RY&(/C:TJ-6OM3G5G)9M%C&4

#L!M +XWP&\#


K


_APAA#



9H@?4#4!
R3WJ J!=%4;3#)0(]54-3'(


M[=5AN[8V]%1Q.6^]VNY O\#R?*C5+\5!'P'US]B;K+ 'M C-10L4(T02+5 O

6




M;AH?L]ERWMY[*Y;S_%PEQTR]%4YY3M.X^.]%)?EE
:/9YXUOQ_VA:FZXR_DI

MC^;B]^UBYC6
5*(V59

_O7MO%U8][C
M4JWRY/MQ6QT6LW#F;-4N/B?5M_SRF^H;)&=.W_H_U(=*:GC#I'[&)D_*]K^S
M.9=5GO99:BII_+/[/&;MYZ7/_QF& U@?P*X!3(X&\#Z 7P

M@.P#I!;@=FUOB_D:5_%R7N07I^CZPRENNAT]R?IU;9J;[=MI?ZOK6=9W/Y;D
MA31W/YI




M(A-3ZH*UR.# K2ND1PWLTD=NWP/EH[[*L+H94J0^6*UZE+S/@!'66&-,ZAQ
M?0QBY@R#X!#*SF&#ARRPJ[!P-2 /-M
&[L&BR;T)(Z5SH'2C37!2X^Z;30L
MSH.XU_NX(7?L
!R

B3S;Z[
L7Z:L
M7S@V) XF!Z +F L.X^T+HRZVBF!;X\#6R+

Z1R;$)^R(N'8

^H^
M%L
HR_@OL&0%DBQ9:BNP9





#


M1

PM%F75WKX@FM<Q@+3,486;UT4/.
T#3/
 (K#82C.(LO&T?K(Z7B$-
MQY60&*


SNZ1CC11!?CD4:U=BW
(UE#D08%B^F$W[95H**^/-@@*'H;<.#&JIDG$[81
M@W=R.Q0=#L#K@I-@@*'[\VW$8UIBUE63S3=

^PA

/H-OYS:W1F4_
ME-
L33QO7PS;!(
;N/L$#20E/8NYY-G'L)!PZB8TV=YW$



*LZ*8&_3V


M&J=OHQ:W@;[[;/$_!G91A5U0V'Y2H-NX0AI52&

69V
 -V$
M.VE0J089WL
JNUS[.QI.]@


  
H0

GGL
XRZNL



H+@'54


 )_@)$(1HAF
+(!H(!KK V89
('\?0-@# $9QO#
M;&/$F5 B





M$AA#T+1R3OG/FM=A^ZMN-_IC%EA@T DLGV)6!0HF@68_B $BFQ#)U8.:FJ
M\4+: )!ZD.4E07&[4]CNQI
0*K)-P5@4&)P(-)G;0%1DD6Z&I8/-$84-1$66

+8FR)-2*DN*+Q8;%D +4194-:*)67IS^G^O_*'4_[G



E(D@)&+52*QV=H[;/
M#DP.HI[833?U_;.


MM6_%;)J_5KOMP7XK1N7K?I\5_SW:77ZZ'XOQ^X7OVY=-U5SP9]-C]F)_V.JO


M]^.@461W=E4U563URYN=V]VNJ:G6\6]7Z?C29E.P__Z]]F7;^;HS3UEIY_GN



R:=2KNPGI^5\W%=CK;[^H)
M*.NK;S
APGCJOS4U==#\#
D^%





#.+N(A@;ZCW%&H


FSN% @#3H$PMU-([.L2
M^CI-Y23W]29+8\('82G P#Y: LR]CR0.)A(%DUC1[FD^DCKT:&(V#$L1%H;.
M#8=#CS3 U6)7YW$4D# *&-IY;LB3@*7I@ZCT

DK 0UE']

V[EC@U1W;V&Q]^;SSU7S-JK?%^?G&LX?JOS8/;/A7QX<F?T/4$L#
M!!0    ( (5 5$SHGC/G&P(  




WP%_:W=23

MIF K^/?JJ










LPLPVS

:HF[
W$.)88I$I B^41 YB##_-X-'+H! 4%N0$#0
M1$ 6H)8%Q+!TM$ @%#I: ! :
$(7<
MT@2CIL(%Q<$U(3[! 91=QD
H293&
$%!L6/)#&

81DVE


  +4


PX

MK*&UO+-GO

-+4OE2?+XW3MU
G4CRRRQ?:)S1SG3[[;_1
M2PE73&2











M/YGZ5:^%GJ%.99N7K)(YKSS!=C-_@9]3/#($B_B=L[/LC3U3RH;S5S/YMIWY
M@7'$I8I(T'UX\16KB
DO;QMQ7UNST-L3]^5_]BB]?%;*AD*U[\R;?J
/
G
MOK=E.WHLU L_?V5M02/?:ZO_SDZLT'#C1.^1\4+:OUYVE(J7K8JV4M*WYIE7



'/O$45)AF4^=Q 0[M1.9#(^66F-T #PSB .T  Q?9)\/B3+H(? Z#






M/+8PJ

US@#ABS()/&R\1$LZ4-7
ZO].^N
M=E/+D2JX$^RIK723HQ0%%=3TS/2#&.YAJB=&P53\3[@ 
W*;B?$H!5/N&91G

[J6((DS?+&D2;0?160ABJ-DUF!C,+L0KPMQ@,W2)4P_
M(*R]A+4CK-\2-G[QDO8O


$%



CWNNJ_LQOC)MQF8AA'P97[]HY7
MI479J9A42OK1/HO*/9M._SX-GDZ:2?0-I:6I#+_#/5=)M)T7BR7?R:VM\8
MKXE9FZ
==$OAWIGDE1F];3$A
HA&(B2!
.L*T

!&-B$!-#&#SQ!,,00&&,0F(22 ,&6$2!/#
MF!3$I--M2
AXZ033!H%*1I\9DK#'88FE(Q0C
:
R[%_[']





C






M#%T


M+9
Z9=+WF$EO1G9WZP9MSB(#T=A;*+V2C[U] 3;9]:(_8GN6_\+G5^(K$4W7
M2^_

+6=L/W[

; ^7T7L91G%4H+M2FD5 45+T(Q 4G[.
M$;ER5-&*;B78KQ&VA\,:DJ=N$[&ST%CSXZ6)^#\B5


M7H.2

 Y2JUX'*-BZ_:9.OZG+KV6E
J!TD66;N9-DSB39.DF26SD

.#M#J\:#%1]@!N^H!

3(U+GAM;)55[8Z;
M


*XNI=0!E*<-OL!W



$%     @ A4!43 4(=XOH 0   04  !H   !X

2-V@-+:YDTAC?E6T

\+U(T
88 @JY
@I$#S?(@%(CI&W\&331
MN*0A3N=W]:^V=EW+F4C(./U=%ZI*T!XY!93D2M4S[[[!4$^$G*'X1[@!U7#C

AF!%P[\R6

TW
M.EI4[R\ZM
0\_

%6GWC:OE*WT=C0*%4


M(


M9W9L*_*



[TDNI
M7OGM&^L2BEVGR_X'N[)2AYN5:

M/H%T$T@_@;2YM[\B]4T3P3_.:(=O

MPLR_&J4N:-

EPA55&TK%5J*T"2 =K;,-
M2@9!X(4X)4(I$499CBAM4/I  9P2HY08H9!@1(DGE& NEP5*66 4&%$6(7@


M+W-H965T
3(X+GAM;)57[6Z;

M
^PDW=O/&



MC9]YKN%-)%IC*W)I_CO;DU2BZ%AT* 5[:Z]9::Z7]DD8=\OP!= M@'X!D)L+

R%$V7&H;@

M/ H*PXQ:97

M)L!%B(\;V
=:FDYP3/P(D!E-35 #/Q#X?UMO.MP6R&^U:P$MS%!?1R,U5H4
MH4,YGTRT(\']3@),*IS@P!U/PCGUQ0U*;&=A*:.H:$()=RQ[:4YXK%2BTH&



MY*@/.?T@YWO5W
;ZOFYW^NU B:H[Q7C]46KU%U!+ P04     %0%1
R7]$
M
/FF9G;\#QC)UF5#=UP1YSJFO_S[1BW<K%[F7BI3P64D^@/&O)



M+EQG3P_D5
D7UGVE-J'8=6SVW^F95@JNE:@U=JP2YM?9G81DM6514FKRWK=E


M
$
(

5[&F]IZ
MB_&]&5=B4$D
*5G # G(D#RP
RG(D-ZS





F!_J+RJ7W@:A3V++NRIHTH


0]3C3@E:5
_MZ)Z<*OG(+M]HE]#

MI1\&Q%U _!Y@5@BM


M6-!LF*I3C/FH&
G4WX(BV+41I&0^P3'A?'1#/1#H['N$/[-7.]0PX2APRE8


M.[IPPT$_5%-^

M]\RDZM9

O7/;:]J!9&W71X=]
[_^#U!+
M P04     %0%1


M970Q
^K*H
MS6,;=]5E;?_?C1E<UZ'/'R[\+5X/O;#A6BS.N7/YD_3_W5Z;.U9=*VR+RI3
M=T53!ZTYK




84$5UP@G+FD/+XKL^+)AXU]:CYA2?,_N ;:7@CC9I-<848
M5H@]FDU@A00TF]Y][(G;K,K2]*;9BRD7G;[5B4%&F)+":7(E Q7R&%S

4


IE(\OF$N!%L LOG=&NRUKUQA7
MI4E;

M[!DC*P&RDJR!.9




38)[W&&

M^QTVX[_D[7-1=\%3T_=--6[V'IJF-[8D^V!-/II\?STIS:$?#A-[W%XVP2\G
M?7.:-OBCZW\9-O\!4$L#!!0    ( (5 5$PHUSJ9/0@  !


BYX;6R56MMRV[@2_!65WB-Q

M_/E4OVY//@^:I7Q?K_]JOGR].Q\F34;UHK[=-5/

.


MM*OW]8]Z(?0F$SG&[7JQW?\_N'W9[M;+=A9)93G_^_#W:;7_^]K._Q:& TP;

C.XOR3TH%]%61G]<$?EV?A',U5+
MNCJ0SDI


\VR63**V%F&




9XLEV'6GK*+)?D]ZP
J)
M&*C1!JK5H^U.;O-U]?R3L]+F0=.-0.3E71ZS]I-.V*=!EJG4ICV
6
RK7I

_(XS98N(EEJ=.J!9

MRS)P62I*==$C'G
:\F: E\I-7\1H.6*TW

'5
4YH%1IM%:Q_Q

VLJ8VB(^R^_Q61OQ6=O#9RWR65:/



MBK3)-N)A5C];5L\%+@&)V$1TDT:



1 4$5
M.(AXHSHP$ =.(AXHSHP$ =.(AXHSHP$ =.(AXHSHP$ =.(AXHSHP$ =
M.(AXHSHP$ =.(AXHSHP$ =.(AXHSHP$ =.(AXHSHP$ =.(AXHSHP$ =

*SG=\<OB_I^UWS,Y?/F
M\)KNX<MN_=R^@CP^O@=]\7]02P,$%     @ A4!43&OW 9FN @  A L  !H
M  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
3
S+GAM;)56ZV[:
!A]E2@/T
07$J@



L^]DLOC;RL:=C$]\7S]IOZE+MX5\RR
7*K\3[:Q^UDX#H.-W(I#


\*^L&


M   ( (5 5$S-







M4B=#^H CF9


$%     @ A4!43/:Z$B;5


M?1KO-MLB?VB






^Y0YRDSS$GA#S]



KN)T038F3E1B.:5#;M
Z#%
ML1I96_BO7*CNTKW *-+$W? 9J( SNVJ4M3

])NIPPL$L_=UEQ
]*3DG-9X.I_2$U*3NGE/GX)BUM.[T4\+3=,(S+(0[+#@QTN/$
MT[FSDB


MYTN6](P!^?'7K*E$3_@T4G;^ 

&(IJXZ 2KSHB!B8N/,'*,V(@HHF+3[#ZC!B(:&(!
M$%0 (P8BFE@$!%7 B(&(%JP# 77 B(&(%JP# 77 B(&(%JP# 77 B(&(%JP#
M 77 B(&(%JP# 77 B(&(%JP# 77 B(&(%JP# 77 B(&(%JP# 77 B(&(%JP#
M 77 B(&(%JP# 77 B(&(EJP#77 B(&(EJP#77 B(&(EJP#77 B(&(EO7P


1']C/1?YPO%@6CU7]

M4$L#!!0    ( (5 5$S(S-BPTP0  $



P


M5


R.H6O\E'F/T^;M+@R+BR[0RR/V2$Y





ML]9UUK%=?![2^LY\55V\=9Y#YXWZ1J\FQRS


.8H'


!L<

:

M#XA_Q%2

4^2#
5*





M&MU@'L; $]X



6 _*

^
#[]1ZW
^_$ZM+_GP![6^XL
[:GW-A_?4





M;QLY$H7_BJ#W2
WB/; -;!0O=H%9()C!S#PK=CL6(JF]DA+/_/ME2VU#XCFE

MNRW_\]3M-LM#^77W;;Y_V;7+QV.CS7HN31/FF^5J.[V[.?[MR^[NIOMQ6*^V



M]9^KQ\/S[31-)X_MT_+'^O!K]_JO=NB1GTZ&[O_2_FS71=Y'4N[QT*WWQW\G



M%]XE1[ODL$O5L'\Z2=)YEUP=[(*(FIGCD7@:B8=(C U-%8N'VUC)
+PGE3]3



698CT07O//J('$P
@^TQT)GETB4P7RWZCC;EBGY';P=8]1!Q32!+=-4@*Q[8@MLNH






$


E25
MB:]L$X[CU)%4&2K&6))T*=:)J2


M


P
M( +AEX@W%)CH=M,%E1O$C@# S(0W/:@.5]/]6G[(A [&=18./T.3.IIT0@
M7.L/Q.N:




M5


M#ZKS5PH%-M%[HBI/7
F1$J=I(CZUWK$2H2F^6
A4ZIN%B?

T
MC3CC3@A**5
4QH;(O--(D3A/$ZEWUOM-0DJ:
BE@D6)9U#AM77&2)B0I9!2)

R(RO!F6?







'A)1 UKEFO+


:7$(G;B;




2)OMXCEM9K+*L6+/:!X


Y!!P I*DQZ]4
O:@2L;*&L7Z1KO=K5)_V+?KCZE%-O_*H13WL]+]
M^+3*WLW*)IE+K[+SL
#7O
B(@
7N;M7Y4/S/ONU_4PN2M+-B 6





M4





T #]48+:!34

M%RO1OKPJ&
50 EB-*]-;D![0B+0


N0C!D\
MJ*^TM!




MNTE&VY.?7'K$]Y.

MB-]


)Y

Y(AD@Q/MH&SS4B&
M2#(\X0;..,9(LGPI!LXZXQDB3#$V_@S#.2(9(






MADBRK 





MADBRK 

9(HGZY(^S?Y_^
MH0Z(=4!0!XQDB1B'1#4 2,9(HE8!P1UP$B&2+6 4$=
)(ADHAU0% 'C&2(
M)&(=$-0!(QDBR;$.'-0!(QDBR;$.'-0!(QDBR;$.'-0!(QDBR;$.'-0!(QDB
MR?6% *X$^E( ZLQ#AS4 2,9(LFQ#AS4 2,9(LFQ#AS4 2,9(LFQ#AS4 2,9
M(LFQ#AS4 2,9(LFS#CS4 2,9(LFS#CS4 2,9(LFS#CS4 2,9(LFS#CS4 2,9
M(LFS#CS4 2,9(LGW12&NONR$.K LPX\U $C&2+)LPX\U $C&2+)LPX\U $C
M&2+)LPX\U $C&2(IL XU $C&2(IL XU $C&2(IL XU $C&2(IL XU $C
M&2(IL XU $C&2(IL XU $C&2(I] T[A#Z%@'J(+ . M0!(QDB*; . M0!
M(QDB*; . M0!(QDB*;(.(M0!(QDB*;(.(M0!(QDB*;(.(M0!(QDB*;(.(M0!
M(QDB[Z.;M!'--K?SU^S


$%
M  @ A4!43!VB&
&I!@  '2

M57Q;]S;/RV6^_GU5+


M;JLZ12X_7HKK8K&H
TD=_[5)^_O/K 
/7^^RZV;SLID?^::X+A?_SN^JQXO^
1RK+UHE,7BC!$G.N9\=CG**O@+2A,?<[XB3G+,N4&<T3''=AY\N8CGKZ]

M)!X-K?[R26=J7!@/18-4UFDSR 5C\C^Q\N324#2Z-?71*-!M8&;U#M [)D


MXT6
O


 B[]/S


4.4
Q8)V%B6^(4XZO'\


'.V(@HDF:3[#[@AB(:!(!$%2 ( 8BFD0$!%4@B(&(9M$!0QT(8BB

!0!X(8B&@6
M'3#4@2 &(II%!PQU((B!B&;1 4
=&(@HEETP% '@AB(:4Z4% '@AB(:4Z
M4% '@AB(:4Z4% '@AB(:%6;/W;_VOZA#I3H0$$=&(@HI7H0$$=&(@HI7H

M2P










MP
0/&[A3 _=G _]A W]JX*L&DZ

M[_9?'B[VX?^ZR[/MOOUQ8US*5Y
?^YY.HMNCR)Z+WA63KOOW

M8H5KI+,I0%-L*AH^[0WIW[X!UWX+$#?^C ]Z]4J:[4410/HM5!%)I8.7O4

[+TTHXU0Y3;(4



MLNWR.U=?+:FS+B411K&_+L$HBNE






M+@R
\P X%TGK2=3+(HP7DTUY=PHBY('N
A=UCI7GB%@H%ZM4YL?90Z#ZM(T
M=42?D2R/G;(6^DYP. D03NHL=QH@2H!QH-)O?(X0 2*$&Z!BN$BE095S^B^



S CW%8_T(E1$U!8Z
MV @IL-@01J@.!^
D'D%G8Q$/&$AGLKJ8$J


MAM?A* &PG2MBLTLZD]3D*C':TY!'A]
D8=S(%4#$UN[:Q+Q.0QX))N*UL$:*
M=&

62S$C-EG7
M^6;& W(U)UFEK.+,G,S 24GX3 A4R9:9;!G()H^*RIQ5NR$R$RM3AEEG?IF(
M):[OQZ*^,4RL3&EH?7-F.FLSB/3* _)%[/
%]54*#.Q\I!T\23J!_#ZXF)*

_ORD)0R4THISBI-06;E&6_JK

M#+6D
D:]T

%IUF



MQ?NSF^.K@?^8;QZ?5]N+[^O=;KT\O$GVL%[OVL[(9MPMAZ=V?O_^8=$^[/9_




G007


ULM&
M7)QF:&^==4\1N0O4[&^[F_UD][^IZ6G5W?.:L(0MO7/GI$7W@X@:HI%B
U4H

M9@E0EA@[A- AG%%I!!VB6RH=1*%1:6A)$L
D

MXTG:3R186%@C&#:2H%2!Q0/C1M(9/:48)HI@&L_T1JO
A]A2+L6\47(#*QNM
M
M\-U-)!:EF6$).I;4HP;I3-F5:






S0QF)Y13CINV/BR+9%C]4
MOHZ+)^)C<_PE^=LN_1(OX?E*)Y?K+TFQ7=5]=9O,$WCM?ID4[6B=;*/L(8J7
MR^PY7L^3%A+M
AV]]N'W3**YW-DR04^\J;;&5/7\
M977?K;9:GTF:%M]!T

RS51)MXZ_5)GC)_'CV]
;#VO
M


M!3*H=G0&'_#O


B%QY?H!KJPU

M5/?JDQ7Z._0-)L@#B7__8Z^.H?;Q0P8@CV;-HD!  [
[^/'QX@KV__I]='US



MA\/.1/7#2;1BPHS^^9]ZX^Z/*+=@;R]P HLH09J

M%Z1
1/%SG
.I2;XF^3PMJHRVX3$516OURA.X8)(%\0&87%PG8#7
K)0'CS
MRCNS??)T\&73+!I&5^'P!XRN\DZHQ
)9VNQRD&UJ!+3F)[]QW)4[\(!Q5][9


MEV4N_!H_)!
C* M?4N2_]R^']?
N@6



M



M]O.$91TX'H41DB0V$,R;GR_\WU'IT=J



Z<92CH/EN#G?^KD8

MO





EW!PFSY8IV[!8
'.M$Y

UD;]9W9*W2(T3CX
M*S:GGM(-!Z9LS







7[04/NRQDD\4R9K\#




I
\-MGOE0$J+B%WC%K[M
8Q\Q
MXD+)

/[VDM-G!0%S3!



1FLS


MPE

M:R0(

M)B

MKN2

M;ZDK98;)&]# LLA4\B)I?POGGY0@7!_T


M%!P5&6






?!G


G7;2+PA*V-R2%MKLTUN0,H$AIUX@P_
6U+7&6$C6
MAF. ]BG]&-Y38+3:Y\QR


M+;*'[3

2;$73#949[;*(T UT\





M4%VS4*$=%]A1&ER0:]BNHHCSEPZ'\9ZPO'-N8EFMY6A%(9I)$.OJ1 VD$E1+

M&J;ZR4IS4#(K2*=YVGQF5-W46! ASA:[IP'FL5D9S;,J5'TX((@+@PU.Q!
M!HLEGD5SG;(]44.82!=?@*:+S:#
O4%#Y?5;_IWLBEFZ)IL'?KJ@L _A7
#'

M:.$+BD*.T9&'1GW5?;/U8T9:!#?EI9I+3*NT;;7 &.VY7-*//2#5 JK D:

8GMB1T-.GG
MCH*00L\%; [E79! 8V.5G%7Q(5F@\-96
VB;[4.\PFS)#5[TD0H^.I?.%5ZC


M\#+]G) ;#3@I$A.;VGF








M; O[V)
^)L;(TI#N82W$)?5@_

MXPB'H

M8A%-PWN*@ZXS3




8



MI(E4HST2^]:+TUS8!I%C2#M??]R1##)64J





&/5
W0O0V


F60IDK8FQ&R+((L$


M4*/'\8WK-0.7UX

@.Q1
M1U+;JCEXN 0?V8^.FW0BB/@&[@=3+Z-_WP%)'-);K]J;:1ZGIG'P+]QPO*9$

05QQM^&^+(O17V20_#H*YP&D)3X[WC&I_T3MLH9VEZ!1WJX$!F6??
ML33-U*PN;#XY))#&037\&82\/6
=
)-:Q@8#PIHTZ







M:@92BKX1JV&RJ)I5#7RMPF:MF&K/ X.JXSVMD4=NZ'EE:KJ5-']WTY;@4;
^;PFEDY(\Q#C<\1

5/WKM*'+-NB158


B5X%Q
M-OQ$GO@


6XCQ_3]3HI


MZ!+.HB9(

MO.B#A?R2+-PW






8*[
M9HNW Y#L,AJ)/EPWTGKA8-+Z&+]DZW6<XC+X_D;0SQ8__3ONR)NM\A6.?P=

M8M_99^!

MOWS
R*<?;;#A.



M0ER]YP;:)X/*6:=2D\P6)JJ4XU'

3A'GK\EZ\?X43PL5N=OFP!/_






(8LVG



MX5I(ZO6F1Z^TW#

OQ

W1KHG =2%



MMQXF9:A:PA[TXI$G$7DDX4K]$I?.'6@S;1MV)_&3._T/PL21I=)RIJNPS1
M6B:[;=E5!XL%6@DF@(YL)C0P%$5[MG,B20E.DP&!]:CD(JGVV$JB+S;BB+


MN)A9/NKM#W%W8.^=J5;%A3IR)+Z*..S4TS/B6*5-&1^'F8W+O%WAH:.+S]
MDKF!*XD+E_ZQ-18D'/N] R\E(FVHW-SVD#PU /M$%AYX8U\G'$V@X&]6'[GX



M3(\OB104.$ V8-!.S26\!R\.!^%JA@L'@_E=EMEC8Q&P9LGNW%=R8(A5A81J

CIA%%^9*-9FBLQ8E2


@X)





 7DUA8%94OICJL8H3


M(CW08G1UFB

H3X_CK
\FIQ@F'YI!*W[8-[WN




M


'L\XXT:\@=;[9T/H!7\;C#!M

M


&)5$4RDI)RW

5NR1Z?TYZC7

MOSVD1=JS$#W3:U?6$R.6
-SJ]76HK OV2^N@OWS;.F#D_1#6HMPN2LM[UH$0


M
!*=8_M;VG/SKUU9N8P\!@ZW@N'L%H$HD30K(\EYOWS4#ODE]GC4@_6R%?3
M%G,IU^K6ZH4/K(5-/O@

M




B^1*JQPCVY8UH1J?.K9VLZ6T24@_R.Q!X7KH

+0C_+;_0J/]4-X8CR)BZUJ:3DTHGC=
.0%W76=W5
MLY_/[9O:[V5X
(BOR?_ZDW&?Z(F3^O$=<CA<Y62$QR

:






C
6$U]!..5@;ED: G:W8+5;#=25ZW3LUD%NNJY&:HC@/;'&1
MV(!#9%3&VZ32EF;4





MS6V\.DTJ6:G$F14U:%' G=%S$O'P8L6R\?W)YG92]?U\BW?TH=M@N7GQ@?
PB?/\+?
M^JW3@3AMT8-$%
0.'?M !./IZ&)0WPSQ@E[NH$D:;4NI3@:E
MPHL9A5[16+DZI%P1SB3IIX
NYFK8C

BNC%81%IH4[%


M[IQ68Z#(?$N3:?[N

RL17XH:Z%[

M&CG.R3

M*48'8)VPE

M 




X'7[12J[8GR



M2'94^T$!R]YT&Z[_2_

MM#92':1I$SC983H[CR;#+EG'%'E%49@]OK=X%DTHZ+Q*Z\^2BV5
:@R^%A8.







4&&T^GA+
MWJK[1!AQ)YIBHM?NODC^MB-_D=L)64PS4X4


M&?!-OR


M;I[X
WFUJJ7N$TU21 R+E.@?6=E62VBR-6@AF%!L/Z6NG&+%KL?XJQC\:17-

MD)WHE\27IR48(
JG
.S
C'B3X;V-%XG?1K$*U]V7M#^EQG5UM5*6*:D$LV4N





M&2CD#ZQQ




M

M1&Y$RRV*;:#ZER/35 D





)NP17&C1U.@5J\

3N;
M$Q#/I

M9[M@ZXQN/5/*3L#%=( L6H( O8K7S!]@!H3F25D$6WS'J[SFS-2@_G1/]Z-5


MC1

MC5F\I*_[[1&BB

)


E@*''P9 +L\9IMRL6@8;GN/4.I4L2A0
ML7YPZ00([4/9!#V
&J1L @I4I6RWI^[?=;0T*#OT


5\'NJ&


*L\V=T[@I3Y]
M\U/CC-NO-$2W!'NPJ\0(9TG#7AK3\=HJ@7*U^6$(2K\$%2UA6ZOP!+\YS8-B


O%2K@\=A_CJH.1K7DAY''R[?7M\B:.N.HAKC_!%C03$F
M20V;H#)W*1*WUQEWOZ. TJ



6R97%D='Z/WE
M4M6
]HVXKB_17Z')Y$5]9A\^G/\8S8#1K:P7#3[JW'6BV0;!?;&*6O#=U%]X
M7--







MOR
/G^DKML5?




!C

M@$*!-@F%
$


MHJ)X_ZP.H-CS%D*/Q$7WW(3YV2V6UNX-AU-Q%SZJ*7FFPY_YDJ'3N9CR)Z/#


9!_!QAH@#B!!YI%Q_![*




2E7*25'GY2^U
0=-U=Q(R*Y.GI^R9:*&.+CB5NEN567/__#U
M*A,)Z5R%MS0T
_



M'NZ=2$;E^XX3.]VF[7)DG1(ZAO&O2S;?&#ICI(+*]5NO#K1=/.U=CI PB284


:;




MT=

M-]ZZX_4GV*E_WZV3&L4IL+0&_A7


'$#GK%1O


MXQ8:^1!\5$XC:IP)6S3+67MC$RK[#QA/4Z3BN-
4&WQ00'@;Z33($7I*\39)




M1;(A#[C8Z=JZ;%1E0XZ##]PJ;%D
QN$KRL8LR\E18_
:I%FJG%-0RRN)
NZ;





M:$O1'2H:\




K7*]\E;XB;GAIM4X!(\4L+U0_ DZ O

MB;G3C?H0OE5M'XG:?O)V.KMX%YU??\2*;=.[R^LKXI?-2H7W'I:9LK4RL+3Q


L!J(7K D9ZHQNE7











R6YX.Q_Y7PT;ZW!/^%/8H-K0U/P]:ZIZ8UF0P7UZIM


MDL.IWXDX9

M@9#]^HF5MZLMTK9:Z]+;90S7_&R.


%*

MV!V&I%7[G0W!-9Z


M.%CMFU7FX3G%2Y5/=)R-H$%CT58- WJEP7
7

















8[ZQRT[:P[U/P]FC?Z$$I6]
M]45OPE
R(L]]C\#1WZ#9KL
&N:/QD#Z[;EC5UM'PC
(E5 [4OV\QJ+@HT'LF



MH!%0!:L!QHG\&7

M.D03#1W$L:9DG8

.:4D*_?B(05H
M_JTWZ;0N/MY\N/[UXB+2B


M;U])?RDEF\P5.4

'#P:CJ.G
0'?VC

D$S6E

BF


M+WT&;&J39;4BO$U'-$L92\* (0QW6S0M

L4OQ

-?I;P
6[IW3XBJ-UOX

$8<5K.UA61J'[J4$=D_3C=GC?(;NC 8;A9QZ*=SSZ+N*37GKS)<&;TK_L

MUK$8



ML)JO')+/$3F@ZDFZ5:6S5J___?![*F#;3-RM4?]DW.N=CB;]%KIC%O3OUZ0@
MZ^.$_D?'Z0E]-OF^/^(6SQ.







MJ8M57%!M

E6TQ%
M2S?]=4#K54CM$J0LQ5; B[$(/^CZP]AF4&HO_4
^K(M


K7)H?RP%/
_X\&Y
M2I



O PF8]N?*9T+.S%[BDM$'?6ZUD:H(_
MGE8]:
['24CD%



'QGS*O[*


AFLTJ^&N-LFE;!R





MWA^W1L/.:6N



2.-6?X93&OU*F;SOB9(D^HP??\2$-9A%K\\8!9-3
M
L




-)V9$1Z8:@O
M*A:#








O?&Z6
M]9MMM(E

#



MHC:=V!7@HR=ZB
'7&U%R;9_^34W
TO]A[\V:VTB:;
%W_ H\J&Q 





HN&WW2V2?QF/PP1P.KAMW#M*
TCSCX?

LBZ3$X* !6F)S'0$<_%NQN<+.F(LHH<W$V^N4X/1F-?H$

ZI&3H:
M9_J1\27RHW5&PHF1'Q1GV.J&+?;2S+QWG+M_$OYGCWEE73NG-SC_]X*ZMN
MA3[7V
H:R;?!WJH98;ZPOEXX3[@%+T

M5I@(*


5A (\^?%/1)1+KH.
9?DXRW&R0)3;GC7)NBJ/_:
M';NTMT]I9RE3H=*9


M

M!#=9C?BJ=*BT;B\=SCL8;$A-X:T;BV0!K&SKR=+X-21D'-G%/53LKE2F!!
M$(D#3Q,N3K8 6=RU([T1=5??ADOVK'X#$*E'E.S-DR42HE4^
6**'[N21'




MR6OGV.2G^@Q1LHF=I0



MD]N-

L[06\X$ZW


ZZ)@K4$=8E4S_\3+*CZ^_



MB1&(JQ\B@
2
2Y
3:#ODN)
GML/5VE(/W

4C-P*


MB3)=-]U/-TC&
HL#Z8:XF@7]F!;_N%XV(\%L2OG@493:^(U6'(*52?E
G)/W

T#3;J7N6($


M+'-N& B .
1
*[




RBG(^;82

MT]G


DN\M+RE^[LTY$HP8YQS^$@5

M7
?_3Q;UMC#(


Y27?G?WV\;QV(][.T[I:IZ^%QE
5(T%/S/R$2X'F
M'FY==.1!*EZFS9IU6UQ=[T(3@G5T
LY_D6:$+1T5V 7*4#=WA+;KDC:7SC
3
MI!IY@CEW8H[IU&#DI.4/]$
FNYP!D!C-AQ?IU!/BDB0*X/WF:UW*Q%YCGYG6


V
[[RVRA%T2J=:Y46




MKXVD$)HY;]CC7BT$) 8QVV#:&2B(7KH\KX6( (


X\$:#2N958G0N)%:J3;^VKZ^EBK.
5O2!O

:%YO]OIU^F&QS#8@5U:D)X_L3D1

MH]W]70/_HJ1\-

*ZMYVVT1
:!.[RR((J

6?4OF O4UQWN&XQ3MG#AJ7]TWF3+OF$[H#*^L^#W/Y69




%X4MB;)R/_K''P






9J9\_PU8KBK-=$E\5_U
M









+E%^#F(Y-SU=$+$J2=

CRO





2'4CB%0N\$^:J )BN$(V#M_45HA1

1 ?+.FW#=$

&\2J16)_IRW

M9#(03F 
V\$DI^A$G*#W@0PS/8D2QH*;C#FHEX\9$^Z=:LLB:FII2
&7.*6;


MJ9LYPAZ8Q3/+C\?\D@$6]5K#T 1)!B3&[1E_NO$3?=+#O+I&46
U7[L@_:T9



3

M



MO=KY;+

[ SQ&*(%I\CL@*$;
MI'Q^PPQE..P

VG#9P9C5%.HY&D@!C.T8M)7ALX

B8HHBS=@SH6/:
MX:45.9Z0
-RE^0?
-!!2XXEUNS1J
8H2H='&%MQ$I$ZX+NB83J&OV8WJF_
M1(Q#HVEF1







-ABB8-<


F\QNV0+%Z6(
E*VZ7I3MF2



M&CEN1\.F)K9+$'.F8NF=PZGB;C-&(QV76R5(-D8



MU'5
9^!@:7?$);&6!_C#

M_2;!96'?X*#V*[2-^';WBDTD_J


MJ(Q+@7XF!*_)F)Y(I5VVA4] N2AG\MXXT7G2B]KQAOV9D?H[[7U2*+3S'0'1






PB_.JVEI4DD#?C9.VO$UG


\SIM
M5[[@S])T?Z.;X6=J.OCMR5V3%:SF)NQA@_N_17Q9/1S5!W'%@8Y!R$'12C


0$
M@_$_59-1Y0T5#RO[(XNM8^LP+2;0[EYKD4X
D@.

MCL/B^^ERN=H:ZX_!X  +NB3?

M+JGT_\/JZO@)CMK_8EFP1HE/[.8G6 %6WU=5O/_YA++X!G;_4(XCI;\RRX

/




O*YB5


M_OU;




=)Q ?:YQVIP9
MH=48-[

#ED[














IR
M&Q*4W 1H3$QD
X 
Y%S?C2=]38O :T-7@)+8$5:@8*80D\(R.*;M*$L+X\P6

M8@CJWGNSWDP/UH^U-(7D.
KDDH_


MOB43$%(ALYW!%=C+H&]BN^XO@2


*
4#?R9!

@(#8K98S9]TU;

MO2S%Q):$_K7+@#IQ4]Z^OW=.%@8$4
'/&W^G'_B(UJD4SO30J6P&P%:[%_-O


MN8F_;8%929D5B[8 J^](A09_*CRL9'?&W*IL06X6JQN']40&$F])!O.@5:P
M$3MD&(IA8&ZT&G6M_/FM[/+UZ?.NT/7P=-.72&U0R:N=$;(@!$N5]$_^_K6


MBGP#0^L%;O@IVU;EO-(CL+ &%[W.RJ4@A6_5W)R5CB)YXYL;7_*8K]D@:+?1




XTD
M8<GAXA4',YVAK,B.I,,GP6@B4XKR@*T?RK)T0:3PZ:^2RGO)^Y%)6$O^L@0

K2\'CXV0+XX=K7Y
MDOT--)&4)@OS
F? NW8)4-W?%\MF3I/FO*65&4]4J[1H3_$3CEPLOK*]@5V
MXL.*LF#A5^&FL)*TQ&P?'

C4LBIO;H@2F
_#




M-[4RFY_9PLDZF-HR
YM::VZBM]F:#;*FI3$
1W-37M\M23(A5.HS-NV3AN(V
MI*6XY9@C
A V(BEA'Y9DP)N^D+E6@6EU
7VH6J)^%O[FE86_N=3P-\L9_RVI



BF^/








M;9I(F)/H5!.=&^J]\.I&S8+M9QO/M+P_*F]

MYA.2.9F8L9(1-^(B5NAXF:?K!D]9)+U[U&E@T(:4GEL.RM/E-V*UL.)*L1U
MU[NXYX?/]OY6[L5090NB96C@2]NIT1RS+Z



MP\E/H&4K E$PTO0H
F2.((N%LZXD(W2ZD+.QC1K8='UX3.#CD+P).1#9R*\(


MS&L1A.YTX
JX;684.V
M:)04C%D5Y+^<2]X-MK!O!5/NH]M)F&MN=4#5@ -X]#.ZS4G+OAJ(1I&DZ
M[Y..

JF
 KSF
MA-W7:N6USM'NJT
A17.QUC?HA6W?$S+(.@W(D'JLO3K-'4:7K2PQ$GZ7I.!I


M3]_U95XC4'K1$[*VPL'Q-SBA,*5:/D(B9J 5XQ6Q 






M(F





#+T$X29 )




7J#M5KF[LN###KRW76;L49E550
M




S!2OE




5BTPEN7HP?3.+2




.%81CMDT1
MH4[47?O^LKG972%C1_AV'L*1&!.%

!RD)E3LUHQ6S+Y&





MX?S%6E/S:H?KBMS
.'9@:8'B!%3V:0\N4A@7C$$3(1



:]8)S3[EE9VKM'LBF'O7Q$9WJ(7Q:F



M0B/CSUX1(P!.X%8&(NOV%)PII#=.;PDULGLGSJ((^%!%K[$C2\/#3*- OG
M(*9+[+



M2/A3!\(M/H@X\  3!%;%I4)+@







D-KD-@X7QCT/
MCF31ME3L#:UX

8 R[HBFP@#%'5F[#I-:%C

M IPX3=/2$(
YF(G[TM)(%
/*C?)(:4RZ5XW-2XDVJ/EK(;-.1GR.&62PY=L[




MP?L$8

?6?DZ[S\LEJ0


PT;7#J9
YDUUSTM'7\3 KL CB
MX9AB;UV%

HUN:X#QFF@


ML8T#N*W$0'T+\;K
N=3IH^H^YG


IN0G-SAYRZ.=
0R




YGLVU&]%M\DG??;ONQ
MIX&$RC[



M5#YH?60X&BG9?'RB?!

M



M
.G



X[YD+

=7OCG[WTO^\Y
%IMT]2
M6NAF@'*WN+$\PS5=P
 H)B?CP#):147)Y,T?$:+_L]3FU1(V 2Z.F#Q_]'

M


I&'2CG[I!Q/C37
M/*

!?&!
MD0V(U2X


D4V1_!'OE-.1HGWF]$.1
MX9





DSSIH.$Z\-Z:1M21TBP'Y@
M4ST+LB!P6T_(&GJ.-_JH5\^NIV3^TF6)[EH*P )#X@*%.BW[&


CV_Q\S&YR$"A#Y3QE@KJR*?(DT$'\C=G'WH$281_^EU[\NW9)T#]
M

[8!_;H@4E^G(_2-$Z3Q@.Y

2


A2X
QL





MS0_P$6Z7*3;'((L(!I 9R88DJ\D?DE64#D^1O??0/E0P^!:/


^RT8AP+5S_


??-)TWSY[1'7G$12B5N
&12-2E?8
M




M

N/P*
A*)V1
3FQ!(RXQ;.C;S



M3Y/4N2JY0 'Q&YA1NR
+?A-8)TR+S*&
#3M'Q!19@_MARHQGAP?@XV0MBX

F9M5)==SHX-FB[





M$HNG$S(U-L()-JIU 3IJ FD)44L?.1U ZH?=+Y%]&H\!T;@T[ARD7)L^R#
I

M;&3PU%
RN]ST+7HHU#[ZX4W]0[)OQ 6U!:1L(^.Q+9=S5L(.1W2.4YJX*ZW:
F/3CNS%NP/
MDS[:=%KL_J_I-?FQLT6
F-:H/M+?M./0W(6K3';X*0-6UT=!%_;]?.4M[V9#



MK(7)$?Q

X*YZVCJ7MI

%+:D4%/:!C[KTORC
'\.O



M(K_Z_+L\$2K5[Y&;/CHN 
Z=ML-Y$WX0)DK'!'@^[H6);(+0PL47DX.J8+
M:N:6GBKQA+;)87O



7R%2+Q'
M5+SH6::KR+IA4OLC[IVU

M-

]N'D#4KM?4V+Z1MLSSM6^XDH:?


S]=FC<C*\!--!?%NT8]M'\5D#)JCIL:C+AI(5$M



TO;$_KA A0*,Q3/K6?F++%=;^XX=@)]/QV

Q KFIL-;*A

&+BX<(Z&-Y@U!#LU#5Q2PS
*A

M





)8)H9D4V0Y8J+V]K!EF_


M&N*@.C10EW'L.HNX&OC)!&[KSMZ:N0ML4=[#Q'RX20^YKC2OPNX7+6M%;$


M^*SQBG&6GFA^J2P?':AIZ+P)#S7A=::%VD'B9VG3-/!5@]E2*Z9XF*: O=RA
M:;+A*

SV3#).2_:G+(3+K?-Z70NHB$2=VUN


3]!*


EO;88Y1





O&;CHS?[Y =

$YG-




LUSMQ*K1
%B][1TC/
MN@H&46+!P
(



MA PB32)

PZIW5 29.U6. HOY@)E!%6)@[
+A3I;$S0DZ29PS(3?Y8&



M.FU71N7/TG1_HP?C9VHZA!_($Y05K.8F[+R#9X1=(?%D]'-4G1!(Y!Q+'12!
MC(*#]I!SFF@R03(6^!\O\A

:A6
NB#/$

MGJK)J#:)JHJ5_9'%UK%UF!83M!NOM6*&W/0?)TA6%4[?#&_79)G&*EG.I
M?+A&?1 VZG'_U/.:ZX)_



MQM^V\\7

MYQ!L3(+V.R7-NK^:84+)9FX[L620:=%W=

M*++&8B
=*QBN*'1PG&+=][SNL#U@N*T 86.^(HP1O/+QZN984/).UVLHO7;8
M


TN5F
M\=@_JRJ4



_+
F--5__

MDP*U;5T%IRX(WY# +5WF0Y\R\C4+S+#5X/X!S;:=^I_XYFG+8%G88UVOU6C6

'[D#&S*?C;& "U&_!MNF2-,ZL-ZQL\6O ^]T3BP'Y






VSF1(S@0/PP@7&
WM?74%N'-G9TN9TO&CNF$



M& J# @I_\ETQ(

MZ2O+;3G3$O@
KVJE'HM.%JZ -QY\VQ5



M&[%VXM5_




R?N*
MXL7LYB^\&-GJWS&('R8ZQ!#/WHGD;ASM!RA+\;9Q-#V2?[1@\=Y46CU?MD'L

K.,?Q9?&S%Y M@Y]*J),RY;A
MNMS12^JY*@MDCW%(^.I-?XY_*+K <&!H PX:C^< 5/[7.2NQ*_WPK6);] 3



SFE.@#LP&



=8
EMC&IC-4:WMTGOWQH1S5=LWQ%;[NO*J
M?9WH:E\V$VGH-C=KB+%[&3^7A9:73&Z69(^7M)5;R:3R9Z7H*=I0FMT&_76*


XU15VZR65@LL2



)@[;ZP@\2'?[EL
=C:

0E

M/SMYCQ-G;MA?Q^N1#M[NG_RMZ$


8]#K!_7Z/!6;#.V&D/&.B7C(B -TELVF*SAO$W.-Q]K+UA
M:$-,B]*/L9.VB9UK:FFKM5/-\$A0
70\8AY\F





M8.-/S:
Y5*@+PP.A_*.3+5,@[!XN90LII71*KJSJ&?@;BI,I++W?#^@8[@

MZ/T92)6_O3

RCZ/T/2%6B_]9'
X!LL/LU=ZTU'.'Y CM]7
)^JL@# '7M4Q_9L_.[XB$F@
MCBSTTV#3T?:BI19Z'8SU+%8*H$ S'Y*DQE[B):$/$9?$E]1:6JQ'1*23#.AD

MXA%UL'$@DCO?I2DLTQ)[ZSE).S6_\@-,'?P50*1F[UR871JX#7&X#V=K6I

TL# /5+D&\TAGE#
=I6FQG\-



M+B



9





ML;2)Q-+ZS;;K$%I[L=C%6ZUY


C6JYXG#*


VS15QOM39.J5Z!*H*E**6\$T5FHU0YY7EXY?-P1A75#08''
M0I&QKH

=0
M(1@*2 Q7 Y3

S=KG1V!CYYW:
T/#\9O11J%R6KPJFSLK17)Y3F\Q4D7$N
M1?L58!T)+/B]=0(S:T358KTY&+][)[QR\V1)DB &]E90


MR-PZZ@Z&'=TE1N%%
PE$8:N%J78  P5HQB:V&5IZ1*VD];B1! JI.8K08G=
MG_RK&7KE7R1ME*_WU;VMZE4R=]T.*1EBO/G]C!JFTU'DSA./13J+[D(7NL4




M4/H]TD(/01_4)/I$68U8NYD;81#] T1W$(UP4'E_OS43V:E:;ZN.LC]^RSV-
MWI SG2 UPMISS0_?' ?#



Z07_ZR^$XJ$C-^29G]T:0
BSD6-NYA]UP+3

D=-#3U*$+<EX5?LQJP#Z5).[AS-R17 +J2*LTN#^1





D%GR0[UT
M:97\ GA





./?'


Y$@
MSXY7[YDEU1'ML=GB0$;

F^V(/KH0 HL9@:V9DSHPM!7F#CK&E:!8F"+
MW-*'T;V<WD(E*W%50F$U_7DHWM1[A7U.8FH'/V\A)M]J5L S^UX9&BDVG
]





@ZO
MP_*MU4=


E/ 3.PD\?--1PHZK?V


Z'.??&-L%GR0IC9BQ:QYD!



MDIO3\9=:;-9]-E7SEC:FLL



MBVW.SX.(4R?FY\9#I
1A? QMI49F4U1S 471O2+P &\]D9&!GLC'QKO
M#THUXD[@/V ]2E:7$CSWQP=A_U$O48=;CBLD3D[IBG:PMQA7-UZ?RMD&#X=

G

M-&Z$SW@'B[A0U5=7LU
OXCT58_?







='QY \
E:



MCMT

MR8\MNOEZ$U'1*LCT


!YH+1\WJ=HDFZO0EV7*06W^I;$H







AP\
4Y





MITNV[H6@'RX%39.%J
M+/QUEU@?SH&XQ:(1HAI[XQM9;)Z0



M+E:_-75O5:/@SHNP*#U9PZ/DLQ*\9J$\3.%+V5SO @]T9;1;4)R^:0!8?6#J

M.UB$+[DS;#LI6G.Y
^!RM\C@K@G2
V^[Z3WG)
F9+4*F+W43@F#JR]HU* @Y
M-
 5T-0EX2D*;'B8H*G/;ESX2P0EA\A(I?O1?KBJ[$RV!T( S
)P8)LN9(:3



MFWWRL@7KCO'8PD_?%G%V?OOGN^HA:1 $0T ELFWW:K6&2T2?P
]S?J1I9X





29
MA 


O9KQ]7[SV
Y*YNT?O.]W2;%;W,M=MBY)VOG/?F.[/ =:(Q795T=)U :!&JC?)

RGY=*X
MLA9%



B
MY3YZX1[JV=W
\=!L.6] T\*89(0!3
I&H


)GX/\=:Y[+*ZJ$$.^3!#


MYL(1(QBD LX@]*F_CNYLN;M #?$+'9T9O9HG]*_76$W)H(#@/Y(PDB-?R#
J3Z/&E<9]-ZEW;_UG(Q__#A

M2P
$%     @ A4!43)!2O!1T @  0X   T   !X;]S='EL97

M;]HP$


\MR'J5+91\?)PQ0SE ]%AKGVQ$(R


T+4UCXTA%%1(H'1=:D[76/(GZW;M

(%[+*;3/8SV6]?
?1S P@H;0%'$-K+P,*84EO].3:G%E?.8]7BQ



^0


K^O#;Z;EIEL-3]=Q:7F%EOI_





M9]_D(2&C!
Q*L9U./TGZTD+
I/TY7!FE['^YB
@G ;-0;*ME96ZT\EH-V2-@

_^B#K?9;SBDCX#9'U=YOOBADZ2FN\Y*F:TL@1@6
MA?)[(/)'PR0[3!7B#OY;/MA34LO&CL&CG^ZF,@@ ;-KK



MEB8C;5%G4T;
UM(HEPS&'\QNJ%OM]%P6U.LO\I0^J=B/X=I(%&UF4= =6:45
M_8'XIN6:FL]2&K4F4(J 74PDBS:S+
;I)LF?E:(+3%QY5H\F=SE-652I_:N-


RMCIE:O

4
7$TFEPRP5&)EWW$6M#O)*A]DK;F0N/LSKV/
W
M%P[YI


M
OL&!J?B@[O+B'P3







G7WB



M\@P]4'@.M

*#03=RV/]2S565%K4HAY\%<R@.%9N*N1N H
MU.9EDT9UOM QS?8+&Y5XH-!
W4*_E)ZM:YWMYZ4D2NUUZ@N*Q:$'!7+?#V

NQAYFEE*
M8]

M_MX:7B'N/5!H)NX:!]M;Z%9G.JU2N[G=M&Z5+:A+3#Q0:*;WJ7/PNI;G@4(S





MLU[O#'IGO=X9]







M5-








MRDVC=-


<V'Y

$%     @
MA4!43'G'K4SD @  94\  !

M&




M#(WN3W/LOIOM!S\A6'TY^E6LO[8)_*@-HC?L\/K&Y=S?]^U!&].U^K^B3=MM
MU^AV:NX'?TMH9Z/KUNZU=D


M1=:(FM!D;6@R%I09THLA8460N*K 5%UH(B:T&1M:3(6E)D+2FREA192XJL
M)476DB)K29&UI
A:4F2M*+)6%%DKBJP51=:*(FM%D;6BR%I19*THLE846451


M@JEH::C)9B2EF!:6H*I:0FFIR68HI9@FEJJ6H)IJLEF+*67+.M=3J&0]V-

M            @ $     7W)E;'

O87!P+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( (5 5$P?L90[@   L   1                9D!  !D


M% 
4     %0%1





M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (5 5$RR&^I*N 


4     %0%1
NM2( +0!  #2 P  &0
M@ &.


M+W-H965T

  !D


4     %0%1
9(2%



M='


4     %0%1
=XU-6;4!  #2 P  &0              @ &6


4     %0%1
KU&?2+4!

R

S


O

4     %0%1
Y5$/I
8!   W!   &0

U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0












M% 
4     %0%1




4     %0%1

4     %0%1
=I*_;:    :0




M.YX;6Q02P$% 
4     %0%1
74A[QG   !1   &0

M5$Q
FJ?OU0





M='



M;6Q02P$% ,4     %0%1,XZ(0F0,  !W!0  &0              @ $W






4     %0%1
Y.YU8M$!




O

4     %0%1
 R?1VOD   PP  &0              @ %2VP

.$  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970X-2YX;6Q02P$% 
4     %
M0%1


6]0(  $$
   9

M%     @ A4!43 $_KY = @  0@8  !D              ( !JNP  'AL+W=O


4     %0%1


4     %0%1

&PO


4     %0%1




M:&5E='












M970Q
3





M:&5E='


M:&5E='


M !H              ( !GU



M4$L! A0#%     @ A4!43 [H]9)D @  K@@  !H              ( !L54!




M970Q
C




M  @ A4!43+%9+

M:&5E='









MA8(


M970Q

E_1#%8 @  K @  !H




M:&5E='






M4$L! A0#%     @ A4!43C7.ID]   $RT  !H              ( !BG$!





M970Q
S






M:&5E='


C
V+#3!   0Q@







MO&M@#   B4@  !H              ( !=)


M970Q

&I!@  '2
  !H




M:&5E='

!




M!@%. 9#


TY[]^LYW#S57-\UW ]?3;$.S'!O]^FZ%W'?_][?__(]?_M?A



(@(
;
MS4


MKG




M)O44_M
'\EO%1R7A
LQ7TT#\+W[35Y!_S7-P^'695].KWF??3Q][@VQG091_

\A/'_AO91_U8&EV
MYG/@AU(/(5;NRY^I1Y!O/WSYL^P#9IJ5^03R?5E$;IY_S\2#?%_V$2_N//
1


[&098:68HR

M7
NL0FF=%&+]FA\;C2V0OC$]ZR0([#52ZQ [96J!'E-]ESN%4UIQ#GPC:




NYLCZR!^6(A


M7![:RE\A#ES.





MR=(?%TO+62'TA%Z)U!/G7S%UQY@ZAX)[RM9P+

@F8
M_L%:+1S?F]_9AJG9BMVKLGN9]5.

MR
<CDV9\EZS*7==B)+SBZH<G;]JBJG;9FJQ$B)VK6+K

MQMZ%\]$+5MY/GZ-USW@7KD1O^'
O/8AV671GCD$OF'2/_0'9IP5WCK_VBJ39


X7S+&BE%=V1ME(3C\N%
2N$OVBN



K*?-N)*;V=YML=



,@^D']D9\(<K/FH\[)X-VJ:)V:CX=%IIE<-J86O#[37!]+
LX
L8630JY

MG*GWIF&4N&\?.+K4$B@V[S2;4ZWUA'2



M-ECA2!)B:]RZ7-:R9:=$M051U7XH46U:5
4U5J+:$U']ZM@8Z3Z&LPR7QE\D

M_J8NEC@-6.)4L40M+'%:CB5.F^C4]XIX FBUC#=!(JOEK9X@E436#.69J$_(


M9KV9KI ZNWN9[1NVO_IK%3Q6@]HW.#'E-72)PN\.H9C9OTL;IY$QGK?T
M;=H':S8GO)%KU1?*[2P_U ;A


YF^\)Z;.1
-[H3::TL&\8M38W[_1!!(^.25;+NA16J-8=4!<J

MDU7

M:#9*\/-R!#]O:F;&L_;CTO?F#B8 !QG=&_*]ZYGZI6W041(VG3&A6??D9?1C


M





BPE

#.3NOEO?




MXRCN%2'E-[SR$K*M9H)9A.2NE*+H5G:UC%
5DEX2N]HM-UHB ]MYCSKS 8_(
M0(LE#']YH)X?WZ*^_MSL;]#7+5YF!D42)*2)2DA6+ZK
ZYP]'XHG\\N:/.


M=:8UMB%F1X1:2F(V







NA2?+--S^V^XU6


M+8=UHV


MJ1_ZSB@M*(J.


MS=86#O;

M2U:SZ

M81^CGGK?)9@G?S5ZZF[7-5^U$_PA_7S5!K+:7WS+
Q%K-H&!R9-'KE(7N ]L

8G*6%







A$(HN0/67Q&OA2L6-UZC=[OJ0.

]7S2((*#[N)!^OHV5_&=F;NT]S


@SL_3+FLC&+T:F.*Q$)T@^):]
MP.3:$2@F2C=4=GM$:2(8*YXPT56B5&GN);ND)(G264G9$5':KP=](._!S\[E
)S+G(-QK(J^5YDXHXTY(<_MJ


M99IK]!CZS1AM: Q9-R!*E2%UJN10ZDU+64L


UHS&ZYYK(SYLXT9HON_XXTIF+
M3FI

JQNRDQFR/
6_(G:^:9[ZB.]OUL \8
TVV*UEFY
M6T=O%L7L7*;+42V370IW=Q$;JH7;VWAMX!6_=13RNVEEM;YZ3&E)JN-9O5
MT:66S\WR<A]5
Q[S


MLG(?U?



\








M@CTE
E%7KF.9AN:1Q;DCQ)SD+^0EV!3LXAGY-@P

WM=M3-K5DG85N_3K5.%2\@?014)O'K!67[$P@


MS=U[;PZY





:9+YJ+Q;:K390


M(]Q#59Z'XYXI\G6D[HL:;X74\BGQ=:3NBPIOA=3R*?!GK)G6%_
'68DKK8_:

M(W5?]'8KI)9/=:\C=5^T=RNDED^!/YCZ=ZN/94 QQ/9


MS5B
WP\RKL&R7^3\ZMC[0='UB':5J&01[CRTB)$T]NM'RUR8-OW879J*6 H-
M7-;CV562;J1V.Y%\DU7M-C.Z8TNUVQ.*MJ9V6R!JCF?;$TKNUK-ME'P;6LV.





.
MERCET&_E\'&QM)P50DH_*/VP5C_D
XI2$3U6$?PRVCT[=JU2$DI)Q)1$


M0$)EH%)='5
'!C(_W#BZO^ 

!Q=0#BKTX\.^_E#


X+4H1@\#ZBI8


1Z:^.



MI67!@




3Q\D9*W-0!L!&E5N[@+2%,B=[ZMU8N*NR?'YR<7YVN@+)[

MRNN\VJ&GDG[R
7&



\8KL$4HJYU\+;L]F=K*
MS0=F$Z +3,=&)#\9IFHJZ@6ZP)YLQ ^C\V$RW5P6Z$_(1EBSH+-6)@V/4WK

MP'G;?].BHOMILHI9A+[:



XZ/4Q:O$$QB



=CI)1X\E
MH/V*O
Q$2V&7G
TXX'R27-

MO7PE_L4
??5ABL/]-%6?FN3JHFXXI4U!6Z;JDM!%I-6-65!P^Q2K7-:0.K
MNM+G 58GJ7K2^K'BW+JF4GM4V%VG
1[
 ZXVS.I*S5?FP\8QJRN+'_%BK9BM
M.Y2=GZTE(1?]RZ(AVJ7QE\]BK/0!\U%1\Y_-R@+36^B-X+'CM2KJ1;3AMF1F


M




M0!UX;!47C]=VU-W:VZC





%OIAO#.&F!F@*_D?8(
M*:ZI!'W025O7W'E.V^9Q0]VQD\*9\H&$#?2QB [U\3Q(TT+!AG]V4I!IG\



M7)L8?'5X7
*YJ([L5^1=$Y_J 3NOIH&

MS







MX7^
3E
S72JB\(B67 /?3PM1:
+[.#])








F-76@J!BF


B39'*_L:UAKDV1A
ML8A7$S[
66K.0Q7HZL&K8=FG&JQLGN\&CE10:C;,&*71-]BO)J--DN:&T/


C[Z



M9;E+#2+N\.^E9AC!WZZWLMO[]@=A[IC6=K211^#S\/WDS#FW\@NO;O/PNO

GK2



M6JL/S^8N8.OZ&WPZPTF_WFFO]&!)'@2?2]!!Y
^.)GH





MN0 4SL!YL\E3#1





M5Z
C5=Q$0+HZ6#F:/@






MXTB8B=@:6


M(K=$Z\[16



$[
A-S$DB17R
MYBYP+7FRP)4''&4;''^#0IZWB '7-QBOQZ$^Y!_D)%9BQ ]X7PGHEC/+F
M^)8!*V0N

@XC$DM

XSAW


CZD&YHA-


PE4:5H 4XY02@Q2_A^:CE!I,6(FS8) M%$(6









0L(.TYV3BV<0G



(&A!);;+A\4*1K[Q5TF(1!WVRIO9O
-


M B'/ SVPEN3U;;#3NPVD\R3T!Y\ C4$:V.6T*J/ZQG?3-!T?#4^V(BE%FP+[
M@?%TAJ+O


E8ZL8!$.XM]-I2WQDG#%&;_*;.U



MW19:?P&;@A[BNS'9G);+1FJ_1O;]FM/3H]%$[=?T:K]F=#39CJ3]3OG+'[Z?




8



MQ3K0+1&T?:-M4DWZJ/#QT/F++ :=%^_0+=IVH\S[#@K].W-A\+$5B.#
9)

TQ\XJS3[]D+%2\4S!12V;
H;$)N5Q7PZNC



MNH?S_M)+#'0QH0OY#R =#L4/E *YQO3X.21LNG3X@N6 UT]Q!S('@U=8(7#8


PCTLMB4L GP46TWR0K#6J[ -



-





%8X58HA[XD4-/[R

MAPU







@ 0I+=$(2TZ5;E;P)%1AX



!%Z9%(#GA.@TIF'F
YD

C!@EFMV&63B$!/%D+7JTQ(H7XC* BNV#DM6#7*#!=%@$'XP
M]XB%F



M9S)OV0NA*N3L(16$M'M=F%/?.83[Q.\_VD^UU32-GA@X0X\%MN(M M[$#
MMG;]E[_H;$)6(A*FL3AG3J'.@7K#PH3O%\?WJ.[(AN V-E@U/=P#VP*;R@X
M^$R[ ]Z_6.9

#@=
M!4AK7%SR8BN
;?B

M A5)KIV#


MEC 8-=@JI4X8'?V%K.DA?4\02I%@8WE(M3TKQINA(T8S%
\P\Y2^S_+M1/FQ






DHY.C8Y4CJ5988M QQE3O;
UPXL.B-&Y6YVF!


M9@Y:+

3




O/$$Q1L\


YF9RM\?7


M._+^PX'8C*X0/;P[V
%/-!?
N8L)G+'\=8*?XL4:

MY.P5*CJVTTXTB$Z_$.Q][*G9#XSVZ87LJU!&N8AP#/:I0^L9U'%%WS
[RR0E


BO@4










MQHS:9(N.H&L8R+I8C1J/SR.8W#GUF7A%ONC!T:.%/.+B9^U6]$NA3B9$(CAE

M]
7?!]$#;?&4RR-N



MG@V@1]]8E?6'P3



R!AF;M*!P.1!BAI5%':PK



ML
ML+I^IE=#2&C80M/H6JQQ*U?/]*A!M$/=J7Q(Z_KU*WAU?'=LLM:CG!R.SDM[



M


+K




MJ#[Q2#C3(+2. 0Q7T(;8







A

B:M++!

MH8:$#5^(\GYATWXHDDC



FR/2^&AT+A^-



M5[#$F1[&.GKNM1LI^2;8#@G;=_?R_.QHTV-/]6K8M'N9JU[W4B2ET;C*($I-
M'F40E4%4!G%S2H]'1T
I-*PRB!W1N
H@UI%OJ=B#38:N/1N.GZV32A7S*1BA


- B[^8MHU<Q]-8 VIKM7!\;WXPN+

MK/VE%\Q:Y9*
S

MP101 BB
YH(NG.&\4V@L/;

[H)6
Z@'HLE:%4+3
MPV1'0PE(+&M3Q39J@TZ.3DZZU\-G-^W;P
A^.RP^8=2%I4JMIKS_-CCK-
MRU)DB]?PZ/3L9*OG91Q*!$;HXSC3Y?

'@T5 F(7(L-(X-6 VZYW3U5+@]\X*_2+G+117[M,AH=G:E@:+UV
MB;(N3VRU3_<G_94T5S2N;Q*T<A&EV[-13@[.E

0



M:?T_!)








&SQBAWQW?)8PT' \_

]M-6*55VT\_B =/7X





YDXV./I]]L\U?PT
&44]86IU+.8Y^J2:6FSV'B)^J7:+\\(JJ&<4WXCI6'=R+KL-$
M_?\9UMC0=4,_@43N@)QW5E(&/]3$_.8^GZ3JI^5%?;(VNXN-I:G3A0.GO@


M.XNTA*.?DK%RC]I+JJR#_RR3-




M0C(0J#?[84K_Z::FA\SF


M_-$=A8T(_%#FQ%#-I3IS0G?27]JAT8_YDM(_

MO9+MI9@^*G&I%-&D=(1DKC/;Q*/A[7)6*_R?F!UV,%C@-6AV!UMJ6D5&/V
M24M-RZ?EB!.&A1TX


YHN\5 &(%\E/+;4U9Y/)

M
S:NO;^U;7*%[&H5K[I.?6V/]?:.(8@'XNV_5J#%Q'OOQTFZ(M.?F1.G:F_$



 8'



4#!ETQ@E2S!0:Q_A5;/KASLQ^9D-B3YF0.*$!G
M  YT9C-:]HG%.
$OV:43BVMG
M0M1PH^B;+['%$M3828VVS Z_<;Y)3_P:11XH818EL!T,X!TOQFM;N7TU=AU
MS(9#V'7
 07(#
;V(_]9.I.(^;':!

!L!P)PCFOK WD@$\H D/'';NLV=^R%OS




P8'

YQ


D%201DMA8A&);9'$OEUY(4-
K4RZL\_VKY$_TM@15W4NSN.J6@AF_/.L^$ZX
M M7
!






+WUG@[%/-

OOU8OIY^&

T*

M\Z
HQ*T3*#97FTH22R?96/&1U5O4(*_26MVW5
F/-U:JU/D;U)G?RZ5H;*


M U/=9RDTRZ5R7AO%V:\KP?S6.F-AJ.''KQ16H:5_X8*U#K=J6X#%B6HY.'

'8VM\M,P,$Q(2-5_2BO&1RVN:3LOC7N[0M*T_- C:Q3KC@]


X

NL7AIO/8IWI2L84^@C=1OT03X;BN#&2L+_3D
M/);J



^HM
^HW?F%-

^I041N

M$FLZDGDHD

5K2.;&Q$;L?JR=[F4T@ 3%G/[$&M@C8XL09MA.G%AWQP3YB2V%GC =


44&+D!I/_K0.N6*4UL95#4O 
2E-2:LK=3@

U#$4&XE(2EQ&R

JC/O/UF2/F0FC5FR_(;APW\=QSUIU1?-V$I#R!^]
MT[V/





M5'IG;NI?^:DOD[=^X@91DL7R*Y7I31YW_[^EQ^$^-OB6^RQ ]EDIQ'LPL_

O



M:X5+);F



5


+].B%R4R]*-8





_+*\_S*]\75Y;;+6=0N4?&
D-VVQ._DH2043U?VNB.^)WL=V&ZOVA33P;DLK#?'TI%V=9KUHI7*A05
MX^.J9C2VW:6G:T]4ADY93?T,9T[=\CNI5I)8DD)3D][UNE=TY3K(!E34CI)
MH





G

M0/6A?S$V=*E0
MX[$C#:-Q#P6-LWQMTC;NS.*W^





' 

M8 LFHAO\HAOP)][*B8SU26GJ#!V(RZX$UR0@!GCB@SF.59PO;'/6O
%JJ6


O '2OY ;S#+@AN
MJ!S3'\"AR=Q$H*(FBL_0_K!;@)60;!6**R 'I8!7'4F$2W\H%.6 1AJF-R
M+.]QEV/B19DZUKEGM4_FOD:I$]PZXKMF/W^'/])BH P8

:?


ISJ/9W EOA!


EA1
*F:3^3+\H
^NI@5*$V+HD+NF06Q:E^=71%*=3Z<=K3YID0?YV2WP@


M+$RI;L*A5\[FU'+T


7$(-3X.N
MT/7G5/N;O/'H\BS0#44-3891%V\^I^Z6A3IBK.N1W(22S+;ZY
910@!&U/%#
M



WHW
MW;--IYQ4-T\9*]5&N?GQI)K(\$-M[%3'49?*[ZZDKD@V-J2O$C&3Z91D+J.Z




M46[








DU&[



M*230C)R?&


8M^ ,+^8MVN/;/&!TCVD+)JX-E-\T3T4D#/9

GP.2:(/2!)=
M];#YQ] WY(DVQX(^-#$[3*Q1)G8$$UO9Q/(XWP0FUNRAQE9Z%J./UC&+C29N
M-YQZH %@3(B#M0ZE%Q_Q?'02=U+G;:@[C70\3HD?;.5UBAJV+^(?UQ1+R


M.1L&APD!Y]:Z 0: @S%G:5K4ZG/%?X 9Q)AR,D&6@-7W P]BS%-ZTQ5YR@




B



MI/I=U
E2J:S^=FK6\%+J2J]^HR9VE7G1SW74
M^6AS0CM


*O \HKJK'D6&

')-(JI7&14UMZWJ9.]*<C_19$_R2E5O3Q[%T71<IO
MQ-2YDHI:



M/EGY#MZZL7W_X?U'

MXWZ[C.D6[V4QBLQ'S'E=G=SJ!MJRI%
_]E[2V)8\\4G.7SU!2 J;9H7WK!M1

6EUB&[EP7::2R
ZW97@GF? W,4LC62WWNY3*5F/QE8HT6KK[ZFSK&)BMHYO9!*B!66
M5[Y3<2.U5A0=;R\*U#O<Z7TDF5?)C=J(SEN^S^W!W)1[@%4'W'EY5F.2D
:
MT.O3N]6IW04-RN6ARI0]FE6+[.-#:;_/O^O]?-1


M!JC9' $(^VKP(&
K-XMQ1^MHQ480=VPN4AH)8$P(?[4.)2/._T.XBUMFS HR







MK0[Z$:MS#'R5T3S=DK-?)9KIZ+SLLCA)*T^]7IZ\IW\G*JE[G@%=?G=EDBR2



MR!MO$CQO
C]039 ?4.;/YG%T)=52\+H3#


(5&2C-FM+T!M:0+59@


F
;

MM&HPJCP

1=4UGHI@]AZH27/O6=LR21:;+A

$






C@H_K@-6P5&#0M?J#ISL.V?0@WE

M:CTN_











.:2% :+C (R1@=) :4R!

M%C$&!G P (&$(0E,M8%5JG(^2;Y88)?P9!8KC  (*P1 824YJ+Z=B]/E+/

%V0%9P_
IB]VIDT@QCWUU^*_WGRQ)58+ JHL L1^ A?1@&7-KD8%34)H^


M!H[ 
1=F@$BM)1*4A@L
( A+9* T4!I3H&%-)@-%QA $);(0&E6:+VP;6O(
M%:BV4N@GQH TO_7Y&[V\H(_
I 6#&)
@88UD: T7&  05@B Z4I#6+Z_3ZR
M 7)#!:


MI7WDCU[N8QP/P*;[(7RR0AUL+


M-I/1@[9!V\! CG !F_JM([3-9/2@;8
M 
X;)W!=:!U*MY*5\XN9SZ=D?TNO:(\?)PL(8%# N[IYH8KH8YT*V[&@]$

M$SJHU%[\4Y&&$MQ X4_QZ!27& 2ID)'53J$)7J# 8GF)GB!LNC+

%QA
M$);(0&$X;GP'D8PC$I2&PP@$MDH#0KM+J5@YL@4&L)!(7A @
(PA(9*$PY
M6E9WHA
0R#@06&XP "L$0&E

MA0D$.N(20+/S



M9GR2RUW+6[THNPBDZ%E/HW7EIK^( N^!(#X L3=.X(3JS.M4O)6NG%W(6/3M

M#(=#:V2:?6TE)]F87



M)8G4-S_7:H%U3U0+X]EX*1T;1KI9WP)'?=;0M_.HS@ENHDL]%-+?)WZM[\4
M'AG0,*+N5-?7DE].U5?NDZB'AC+) O21'VE?[J13BQDJ
IUI_SJ!:OR3WRJ
M+@% %:#[+S+O4NJWSN/(E4DB_+!X5Q:G4_%GYL0I/8NX[4Z+MZI;5=6\S*4_



04%



/<QDO]/Z/:/FT)%6[LY*U



M
0


^RH-G/:PN A6_/.L^$ZX
 A6*



R'
M)3N.H*\]MS%TIYKN/&KJ5!:S**PF&F/'DU3D;TE%*AUYW3&#


[+XZ/:
MJS0CC4P*CS%:?^QI:I9I%&!RH8BLX8$B0A&AB/6
]UNIB$@LA#P1JYVXBYP.
W<DNH3/YN&XV

Z24.3R]A=QGDE^CUK=.'+55XE&7'B(4



ML80%87=3D8.JF8D;5*U!8$+56

M Z/&$A8X9C!A/$#R)(A*#!@)L$  P8#!@,& V8L##!@(W!AC7(AC6;
+!J


G&$/CL8$QY XDC*$9.





%7$*S+0&I/0 H^X(H

05


M/[(A+]Q0



M&F

M_ /LTFPM


@B3-=P0X6_3VLH5_LA ;1 _
P4:




'

KSKRJTT%J#_'A(






M*G5?7W'
#3)/[VW7C_NP^E698V78%A9Y7?*T=:
77$:1=TV]7K.C*'UXJ^\(

MU.O:HW4Q6AHM1SSO6^.E02OUFB!*DMN]\'9?*97-3\E-=/-7GLWF49SF9L8^

M SW+EQ
QB:.9B*




J O[_RU4[38QE
]L'_:X'^DPK8M6]R0JB4=\:)'UU!
M8\=-



MD!AE=\GOTR^B+S=BU\R.FN?'N=

15%8AY__SDQ.%



MTJ'VO;EZ_V*4[SD
+]5.\O!2;7 *]9ZWQ2[BNSOUU9[\))O-]4[%?+.S'^HM




F]NJAJ);JE-&H0C%8HT-ERW9?6N\ST8Y2-KF

2#H;FY@X@MG*S&%-PHM431=BY
MZ-^.I16C1UMH9!P.O$)9G.C2NCQ,VPF#T)4IJRBWRT[#5ATMIO+%/)_+Y[H
MZ3'%AA


M02&3AIF8T3P6//]'.D$Z%7Z89'2+*SOB.HJ_R3C1N/UUW+-/7@LWFLUEF.@$
MU)T\

 ;




*K+_A

M*=G87$@B:W@@B9!$2.(#H![U1I63)+92$G

?W/J3Z=='&5YU]5

M2K)8?J5BO0DB]]O?__*#$'];/.1#Z$8S^=7YON%*X7N_/'O_;X*QW^L^$RZ5

T_DJ\4?KT7!C6ZW




M


M1@!5]_HMZ)FA%A%Z9C)ZT+

R9Z5N?UUTQXQ;G^,VS*2YREVU(
M6E;SW,P.[Z3%J!DQZXS,S$V=ND9FYB,NW^T-:E]6951J9HZ.#:004@@IA!1
0[HFN_,2/0GI:
MO!81Q[D=.+<#YW9@%<GQX.&9;FO7FH369=SP1W
 

+5.F'T1U<D<'1'=Q-X'D6*T?I547:(.DM%Z< F3O;
MBTP7V6]-@@M$XHH


0&EX4OMA%6 .

 -* 4WN[7GLP:%F*6NQF#30*/64JX8
M@ SD9@77P*JZY1T

MDU?1\@?F:Y0Z@7#S5*EL)V:PE)8+$GLDZ6ZE@3

M'Z/@ I&X(@/U80L-2




'7L%Z.A7%[4ZPH1++1\$(DCSYWV[.&/*PO-!(::3Y,!AA1:&2CX85&
M'ELC1[6OJ(9$-G29M1=E%X$4Y(2U+N2:1\7]T(UF4J3.=R&_SV685$TT\01S
M^T&RX!)W\

MQ2[8ZETJ_G/J4.


I)E$01-?4GX6?




E[:H

/T




68YG=BMOCG^*Z4T,.9EA I'A@P1$
MAB\XB&N6EGE:8ZXXM5AB# 1PIMLD(#6\ 4'<<X57(/*JS.:MEJ3$RI8L
D=




S5AQLX
M]
^5G_I4%$\67W*=7

M0P^9UACPGD)#C2&1+0&+[@(/2)K03

0A]
D$&L,7'(0^;\'UUW'/
M[K'%J\414&3WY([0%YDO]3P=CE2.SR!+Z%-'++X^&8M?]4[X?\RY3C!@9,H'
M7@-?
%!]'

@XEIY0)R2=)8E

NTQ9% 9QN @'FK:VIRV

M7W 0\RPM!;5&7''*)0SB: U;) UO %!Y%/T];F0'.X@H/()Q\DH#E\P4'D



I^W^JQL+*00W,,[XZ8-G2Q
M?GB@BRW4Q1/HXC&A'HZL/@LKNS$:SE(7<SP6<.QKMY@^
^I0XVWO
KSKRJT

M\'SZEGJK2X6Z]*^HUXO83^B&2'B+P\9647'AZ#/'A!-Z(EB=.R:NZ1&O[FF\




 1


%BA0BLRD!DN2( C
M7)&!S*S@&HRM+EN@0'
=[)$Z$L:N=^$&\WF

H0_A%94KBF_$


E9TKS5WD7
M!RADV+ 3TYW'0NBW*





'A:*';A0K-\=64

MMA)+Q1YEZ3

GI0M 
5;3CN0]&
@.K(BY^QN_BI5T27IGUY[#:


@J'VX_*WAV6H/


MZ?IK?^*[]%3A3IWPD@I/5ZB[/X2IC$

[/ZH;'.\_6:)*)YTXI/9(]$M_5F_5C]</5$#XBU?\P_J2/S#4;Z7F





 M

M.TOT/0(X((A]TUPUCK/0U[AJ*_@0?;


MH2N/;P]69?[-0A
6:HYJM1R7H%20?VHK9 X6KH5\@7U!C

M?S


MQG=8+B#TR5P))%\(HM-]]Y=/OUY_*C_;[][H (6KAYJ/TB2&?
0OH[?(WK7O





K-X&5EE7
M*ZF

7@


&EV/KK


MT:7 &7 
*

J:L$)/









M57[5PAYJ^3NM^D4ZLO
+G$E008)IDHRG$E4,@G+)HL31Q!59%AEJ#!
4(5



IPB\

SAZK/*4(.$UW]21^C;?








]HDC5
W+-P
8F.]
M_3WM+[[TL#R)-G65F&1@=/CW-0A:B3?NXY)'3@0M$;8C)E#[
: $R($UP4YX
MDYN?Z5?$)'R*PPSQQ&_
'UVNMVNA,]\3%@;C.M69H(!H


MWJ:5U:T3EB6J=AN[%5JLN]I)Q:UT%8ZM?OD%X&-8R9WIV%U?I0?(MLZE4(RA
GFC_!RY$3Q_E;WI;*@/X J08,-&'?P%/CZ/\@I$U8 :C[6[0U
MUK\P=]UZNA% Z-+DX5KIM%?&^);8)
[61J7YL-DI@/3 &&A2P&$@$='HF6&Q .K(T7@\?&AN]'69HE

.[9YT9/NQ5)6)51NJ;6$6N

2?


\'=;<B@\%Q;V[1IQJ%(BL6:6Q*Q7+VJE@V=.$'
MCU^9P)*F%ZKC[6) 3X&AX9E$B3Y58!QVS*;'J0;+KM.:;
;,(#5]OJCIX^?<&=;=:+SH&M
MQ_\F;^/P%I<Y732#U+QT?5PU?!LRR!Z@:-JGT]T* '3@-V?6KK+_+9O*ST_

M#G




)RNXXC/

$41A493@0J2VN[/ !-#I0&Q!#K#!4D.$:H(L




MXR0-XFC/0SB\!JRAPZ6\!JS)Z/$:L$=F'G9WZ]7-.Z9*7@7V++U=%K264R(+
M6I/18T%[I*!!Y^B8!E6RH+U8__HEWACVXVP82N%8[5
YL\0YC
%8*9[40_O=
MX18#U8!QWPV6(MV'9ZOSE==D4=UPD=GND#WT/
;IG/3HOJUEF);&99D6)=%
MD30\+(HLBBR*3Q+%4^=X[PNQ&B6*!H\CON0V^^*[9]2%XQ77N4'MUM8J&:0



L+5XE1'(;QG1)'022@P6$01^K-S[NRZ\Z0





M7\BQN_;6+^3P?AO4PF^?PQ+WI23/]O:JW;-.R2.WTQ
&=_VN\8H
A=\UIMQW


7Y32+E!/?Z
M/L([S!






M0N

\(29&H]X&SH6K8S7=49


MJ

M

M*$@+/RI^M()/@ ZQ
YAJ57;7M1
53(H[_


4+KK= K1

M/\ URD(@ I
GX)B'9GL7OM.


M[9'0\Y=_C2&6

\.]7



MBB951QLG4)XVA/LP#8X@B 54!B[(APDPP](JT!5'T)KEGT^*GS&[!YJ7K@*#


MD
]&U$9O5V5)\GN@


Y=T+MD+&2CQKD.(K+V:)..7;KWL9 JI$GT7MQ148^YC?O



@(0;H8


7U_):9J'Y0FV0KKP&TXH
M&KO.;6ZFM
V$4[44 ]9SLAZ%&5X]J 4\! P$.6F(/0B% URY/E;
I'M1 )[Q
M

?9_/E@3F0H!;^89N!CV$-;

M.'Z2?A0#$
(B%EK.3:3V$6GOM.;B]Q!+&4Q-\#


M*8F1D

M+U%ZSGJ]GRX[RD+^L)@N%(8IJ=S

MA7F]0UC


9%8_'5?)9$G!XZ

MNM9

MJG:TW
4@MO




MAEVS




['IZEUN+?XV+IPIU@'\2N*A/A2Z58AB%^0
MWS:

, ,ZL E]+KBM6G
M:TS3\K4/;W&)K0.\5N[J*2Z+\R??LK4VQO7G?Z







M#?PE6;4X1&\145]=


M%=%S

G?
MOH(_W]J#2H

X2U)
%LW8
WP.0S-N7
111_3ST89J



E5S


H$RU63
M\62YHHH








/'ZL3(L#K10H+IK;'0[71S8(:/
MU8D


(824YF(H:LSRQ')CN;Q5D%%21:RFUT
MSX'EO7_G*!V=6-U]+^WET%V+#FKJL*463HJ@IO]5M1E6/+[I)%JJ6APZK
'Z&6%[P
M4FM%.2]XZA@FAPZQWB:KJO*@2-#5U5X#'


?'..7:.N^@!B4$
M]S\$FBQR-T6(YQZB+9


'BB[*J]UJY








Y4:
M'MZW#F2:M+$[Z$9\*S 3H4GF$VFQ2E0PK(?\+CVM@? $^%EBB9A#N&$H
M8F@E7#&9AO%
2C!0


T-UU.?'?GJ:2ZJ+_J





^PQBM\]PCP=IU@Q2Z9-Y. ^-Q8:#S?_'%
M2'^9I]O.NR6!7 ZX



%)789E8UC.+'N;-1&[XR_&BD.HX;P
MP) @:.#(BPL

W!BD.()BPL


2S
M
@1!809K$@S
8'M%Z=QL1D4V4IC 2
+!$8!HX.BK!P'[\Y6'$(\;3R80#&

1HH/0).R(
M5.1C16F
8V(R;89LLV9Y!J!Y+5

X4V[DJWUGW+QP@FF




S
T3JQ!E1AX@ BBPR+#!4D6AHCW(5I $C.P.(Y&&*8
M/


M
4Y&

CZ)DPV793
Q:7UE!86T.#

1





M[Y#(






MNM5WK--M5PAQC+69$EFQ2
/#T=0DN%BZ'@_AL45DWH=#K4FAQL)%&QZ.)NYJ

KZU3


M3\XF@Q)IMMPJX&C0*27PF$V;#S6P*=7CG)A-F4U;!!ZS:?.A!C8]H1&AS*;-
M'9!9&YOY& VEL+5O=\G;6I)Y&$6@K,$E,+E1?CMZ%,DH. PB/UAFS \%0

V79G @;-'2MO;YL4\?ODI2I
@4H&'ILZDB$?0T-C[



M1G(4I*17GP3P=-\,4KB26WLLQSZ5&3G%#A;H(($4QU59#A;F,-US/.CU!I
M0 2QRE!!@F.$*C*L
I57VJUMWVCG&IO!+'*4$&8X0J

MO W]#K:A?XD:/ 
&M??1O5BE2B0R=%/IBS06670K%?Y=K.Y




MEJBWPX4;YI6.(_A/T32()#F9AO%

MN$(

3
IDR3 (_M$)/8EZ$E+K]C5









MTO1E-:NYPSXO
7W]X%DNO$*$)G3=S8[BX24D.NOH6Z?'9*%LZ3*L'\DP@)%
M!0D6J,9QP+U&($ZL;;N%[- L4 =)@ -8#D6J



&4$6UKXN+128OM4UF[R2
M#9B6JDP#YIJ9RIC*.'$5$84&*:RAB'!5
941IK*^'BDO1^/9*P8I.#WA.C
MY7$8?),J30+=T3?GF/P6!:D2Y5$ACCDY LH&K@

J
BBR



 R5.

.8P&2IR'D82%.:Q)
M


M.AU0!:JMD?
L
V=[?/HP.#16YP1WJ.1E9\*$LQ?1)'A%&.5L_I4H6) X@L
M



M@7R4
/L8)R
9[/]=







MQVS*;'J0;
JOZ9-'B=GT\
%C-FT^U

M5@4Q3!K ::PN5)!H:8RPNC0!)?O4XH/VB&'2 $YC=:&1$MCA-6E2C90!1D
M@6IIY) ^9X^'

#

L

@%8GTXIL(GN:+41)/GF4(

^<FOA)0AOQOYH;8?/P:W^%WHYF&
M_X\#QSY]IX07Q@KB.;?)%PDL5)I[1'6 WZ7F$[TU5TN\I1#-1!F3E/=%U
0'<IM 8JA(H#QZ+URJ9W( ZS3RF/@=S] MP;P/\:)D*XW+K!.




=@FU57R ^4E4K-ACG]M$P_X

M/G+HZ*
X#.


&#\17:S?%K?0GULG!81O@

Q_C:2?'GIEO9SL;_10^??'#3EK9?[[OP#QR?
MIB$P+/(-VM




A.W3!&IQ:




M(


/F9IEDCA55]$]V*5*I'(T




U8N]W
4T,0T
ZT]PEJ(

\]Y5TO_JSB;@9NH:


D




MGJYEMS!8^  ?JL@T\^WP]:)S8*N*W[NA7A+IIN)O;I2YR4R8A8IT7YQ\1M6A





M/;(CQ4I%#!2*ZZ%Y?+:R


M3!:JE@81;UQ+$955ZTUYH2D%9!HPR=92)FL 


M!V7)KDGFA(+^5&-+F:P!R'1YN[ 2KIYC.62!XABB@S+#!4D.$:H(L,R4UU
MN^VIH1Q![8T@5ADJ2'












MLT



M
0I;=!*8Y';[)F)+A^0;A2(/H%&ILP&G;TF@V?6\8:;T+8NQI[PGB\/)5,+
M-V9LM P$U('$E?


M*3NP+1#.)W&2!O\S[T+&(^'+41!)OWAALOI.Y;J5J =FD8K#EG\MODX*(C=1

^B1P6R5_V]
/GAT0SICG('6W
M/LB.XZ:]C
;20@2(EH8(2TL#0.I:-E68VAHW#6 TEA8B0+0T1%A:&@ 22PLY


+$ 406&=88(D!PB!!%AC5FCA;0!568.(#((L
:0P0(#A&B
MR+#&5#5FVVU].8!:&TL,42 X%%^7JZ_;VC.O33#[T/A^O_)5(K[^%=%6/B


$/1
F= ^=8&VA 41[!OF'%)?R[^HT^L
;^?\0W$J5
M!FF6R#U/D)$Y9(\2//2G+Q\XP;(P8ROS OKH#38^(Y:S;VSMP#JE09
$SXVE


M?
AJUF3T6

5J1A 4^GS(:M9D]%C-^&T1CD!6-T:'WQ;9=N1^
M;V^'W#?EXL?9


M1:QW%/3BR3218QFIX%:*
%9*?P7/C5(E@ Y%$'EAYL








-


MZ&/(SZ%DMY


6_[I?_092^2G2Z:T
9RV(M+]G81J4#E!H

H].+X5:C&)B@&YR IY




1&#^TT;3'J]^%D?V
MFSP0*Y@5VKWBH;K6D!%4 0L@U6YJZ9$J5@^_F9D 6-DVN-:\H#%3VR'DC
M@AJ[U:X QXRGE:KB;Y7H-Y211:

'4!H29Z*0&J3.]3:


*

OQG+EKD0-+CP^%H8:-?\J1(!N?LM$=_]1%#G

M5Y.)@14A.L&.!9+Y8$.A[!=!.L._/T4^W)7


UI[+X%*%S=@V5.%\$D
(&5X /DUC
ME


TME9H[?_X



SK&5 &:PU8^!Y'
M*UGET_R5%!)NRJ32P#GB]4O;'IXV;NW2MNH^)ZJ=Y'.$KXR:=VK5MF=N\YPY

MJ1F/RW:2-Y]2(-B4$(
 @X

M&]V?JCRZE

M+Q[;W+_2[^W8QD[8O@]'=Y1JT I08
%8P4*IW;_N[ZW2ZAV0*#-\4O@RN[\2
M@#*CS



MU&;89-A$'ZHS;&Z?P7)ATSN1

G;P
=

C0G%!(
;ZZBHSFY


MF]B$%@E-M_?3X4^]3J_#PE)81N_
[L=I:+:2#9/9!K

M




!S*
M!I8


1XN&Q:QXK*A;G#9T%U0
M2+(%18-10)#@NM:H&2X' P,A[*!)4-K02%!C82H;4 PZ%L8
G06E!(4.@
M9&@MP' H&U@RM!80$BQBQ65#E:08!&K'T6LW8/@!!Z2+5/]JMMEJJ]R';8*

U0@JRSD[OIH4=H*%9.ONG$@HM%;


A[*!)4-K 2'A;X$J/ANJ
M!(4$]TI]6%WJ^=NWG;?GK$O=Q#Y%91@G^Q;4=]WCSLM_7F:)+L)$SWX5KKV7
X;.@N*18H J+AB*!(<$U
M*U R7.H%AD/9P)*AM:0H$9 R=!:@.%0-K!D:TH)*@14#*T%F XE TL&5H+
M D6J.*RH4I02+! E06J

M8#B4#2P96@L*6H$E RM!1@.90-+AM:0H(: 25#:P&&0]G DJ&U@)!@Y2HN

+AL7!;-C
- /*.S@)#PMS5$\9;1^


(

G06H#A4#:P9&@M(3\+5#%
M9T.5H)#@SJFL2\4@]#&+OLCK!NI5KD/U.HSS:U31,'RAD&!*@H):@*%! M4

G0

U

M)*@)%!(LN

MH2H
I(^ZC'



=E^=9.M2Y3B
]^UTV7%-(C\^)(0V$!(M644A0


OJ!DTGOHUOSR75 %(O
E=N_CJY








*XC@XZ3W=[%2[C?M9


MUPW4JUR'ZG48Y]?355+U:Q9)RGER=+@OORN30/V29V8I]#++!C8EG6ZX]%&7




M+

X57%Z);=I\Z@H2TWQF;1U8:Y#KBR66\FJ7'*QZ8ND;49Q66JMOL;EI:ES
MDB\+2UN1II)

M


MHHQ'%JQT[ M=?]@XE]_EHI+9K63]0N=7]3O-?5]*RV=Y;)+A^I
G]V/PR]?&

/KD9CJ]HP347U
MB;3M*Q55ID&26BZ7!KUYS_?=X%!)V$O






*9B (FZCZ_-/'2

MBR+
KZ?M

US66;;YPD!].T8)(&




+Z]\EL18UF*6:IAN
XC]:





RFN&3;(9TFPJ@D.







M2% CJ&1H

39
M-9)A@G#?_/0AES_AH#B@(?H


M&102U @J&=I
:X^7G#'F4B4$*J$N#2Z-3SGLSVO7X=F5^_N\R-[K*DZS_4@
M+NN*W7I JKE&ZH8..]&


M%!+4H9NLP
UQFW)$!# KT@NJE#H':


[.=WZ%I.+





CDG
MA!*FA!\NX0$EO!D)_Y;E%S(N$+=.$TG'O]TY643]]T]J[[=/Y^_4J_-_OJM_

U*LE\_'9DOUD1[$)J)$]:9UA8ZJ/YCN1CS=C,J
M;UY]?]9?K)#VVQ!A=LR[OKEC'M,'!H6'!X4A@\*-H#)PU4\T.T)0HD)55*:




M%!MZ(AGNV(4.\PJSJ)'K.E]IA3X)+;&)//M-7#07

M.[O3HQ.C$Y+1J=+7Z+3JUJNPS#.S8U4VDY1F2C3BP*H]?Y!*A:'D0Z-%

$(7OUU&DD%XOH2R]\=7J
M
I;\)H\NK^V7I5DYR8\&=KFT?3D/S3]N\C$TNKWQ;94^-\HAD.IX/NBT
*/!
MOD[U
!9(IIFT=
?8A*DBE+@=-S







J;V'0^LHF5L8M-QOHL;8HFF!7=PKS\55J@MS#Y#3?
MD--;O*FNTYFZ[M1(9O'<^:DWA+(@W]RA9*4-9PI!6P233G/#;^]JOKJ%!6TZ
M1.%LJG!99@

)/GTSC99*7F(OS'36

XTPGH=L*^EN]A;GDPFO

M8** ??5];Z:'NKA0?G
\^8VR%M?NX_N-$\A_C^O7R[^.]LV
Y[B&DES7NAKH





=/RV$\]

M.;U'IR67)TTDN(Z?;?

4
MB YR?A9ET1A@M]L +?C#[?@%0\J-[;Y 1SA.4:35.T9K:O6]K5I]MQ-TU]@O

?
M


MJ!%0





M4#(TF1NTZI.M47%12+!D:#8H)*@14#(TFQFMSMI5Y1202^MGKCQPYL3ZV3NS


BZK7/_80C?]UUYWW8


C0;
MFHTK:/C
&CA5U%9F=\G=HU--ZML!2MO'% .ZP9(ALG!/0^RKW^(*A7DK8+H
M,C DJ!%0,G29&:UCF@P:$GP!T61@2% CH&1H,FV3X0&=8$CP!423@2%!C82





M/?K9RG/QQB!DG9&.W..GY I)VY3(]VMK*='6$$2MK9DZU[;FIQ^JYUST%6





^P!$/@E.


R;Q\;P-X]RT




M0H)Q#90


2H$5 R-!N:C2MH?'U S8F5M?-L- [3:Q7)*_*X
M7YGS]==4F.I#8K_L%3 6S+


YZ#K(G-K+N=I(;
MCI3+ATDOM;?N4A[]S.^(2#]SF1[];$4_ZV[_86[Z&?W
52KX$9%^YC(]^MFJ

\/@8
MMO*;1D@C1*=(]QIO#1;XSP8/L'0=


PC;3Z













 )1GFT-6@\M+6=I$=;


MTG #,T)A03#FZOH:$XNTZ,YP9*A.:&08'AS%1W-R65Z-=8
C0G%!(
;ZZB
MHSFY3(_FM

M*DY5K]




*FBMH$[&L


G


V]#ISKV9*#T*2M;_!;:@(
M PHO@J[Q;-L3;R/L&CR@@/I0N#X'U'4WL6% 1=
DY
.*S5C#.V7!.. =14YF



'!/Q&)K

M?IE1YH[6DDX;P

MV%VHJI _E)D::*$YBE.]=EVO2TURV\


M*AB#A*?)HP-D#H
3CH!AZ9 
8$F< $*@0R5SH)P


MHXVYV6YO?)MUWAX)MH[;W(K9.O^+OE9A5%;F[\G=5=)UL7!6E+DNXUR/Y(YN

M5. 
8%?EYBQ[M

M7:.U99AQ



?*T1UX@&

W=G@8][O4/
MQ@1XKW^:P@)3Z6!3X;F,J-E:H?I+F!0ZZ
892&HV3H+NVA2X?F L:$YL(0
M1FDX2H;F

M87T;@9 !8$-+VDNWH0P7Z6!3X;F0G-!9D)S80BC-!PE0W.9T3I:?^Z2J*Y





ME0




M!1@.98-*AM:0H(:025#:P&&0]F@DJ&UH)@1E#)T%J X5 VJ&1H+2@DJ!%4
M

!'-'H+@E?-4)O<02E<]WI[UN
MC_I!1 




#5!(
+*ADF%J
*.UUSWA

M)C07AC!*PU$R-!=NH.$*&F@AT6Q02% CJ&1H-C0;5]! XEF@T*&D$E0[.A

S:;U&!2W=X)CLNYC4#07
M;T*8K]+ )T-SH;D@




MU?FDY0G [GI6TPE.(0+LM]G








)[PJ2%





L8RPC

M]!IZC2MHN$\6*IXW?XQU5.J!RG59Y:G*4C5.PE2%1:'+=4MK6&D+8D*L$_27
M#!\_G^&2:
['.

*&F@AT6M00% BH&3H-?2:Y='4

V%U_RP*T#2RN=+K711QJ/0



;8[I@B-UY'



MN0N8-^/


M7Z=Z&)=J'%Z;GXOZB9/R4ML]J0L5RMOYX

G?&YD45A, F$)(O%TR&





M/B?$P%R?



?DI*9T=\Z@6-B0
(H-*QLVBY\4^M6MS;S^H
M=VF4ZU!&O;U'8NL:<=8L#R-9-8F<V0S ]+!I$




MBS!B\Z^R0=N[#4PTH,XI/)G@/RIGHNH;S



6@R%
M;A^ M]
-M(DY19%VYA@ME#UQNL')\1)[XM#OP+=Q6U:/-
%MLYH+GVL)CO&5

:

HH10R=!F4$A0
M(ZAD:#






MG
BK]Y7^;Q6/33BN#WD?Q$69Q_VJC+-4?17GOLRJ0BY:_C-0\OZLFBX+9JG\
M6NXZE\A97JHH'
=FZ=!\RFSAL/[V\+7=E?Q(E?+W717%6A+L
KK4J=CPHE
MMW1AWC'



4




M]#-'(R+]S&5Z]+




-Q=$N'A3%OQ_#T.MUU




M
JU$;?O;[5)7+=Q8^
;;:]LQ4EPQDUEW%UUJY)HX+\51#'-B@DJ!%4
G29
M5N7SZ=;WY*:$7%JWV=2^BSO&[/.ESG4X+'4./%/ 




M76D5):%9=HS
=9HQJ/E?/6A]NP%EKM%6LH:Y_%]U%;0^_6V6#0ISPU&PKW2I

DGN50!]SHN
LU)*=E_)[
M\THA(O\SC.57A=R6?&4C<:)_+64]AQIZ6D#)4WS6YA'E[-FZ1W:-C^1:RUF

AN9+PB0Q+XHNY7YS\WVMZY&O&\F+BS*+OJAAGHW4

MTBY4M[/7_]%^6*^S%_YHKLNTJ/R]RJ4O2YN_^4.N.;W0ZE7=KMVS@T/[AH^5









I24[$IB26F3#A
UAU62




AO$ZB M/B%-]_52

;J3
M*103A%+IWC9B23 8F$@_&0M_D^[<W1[K?/]='._\^G6^K-&*I*F%KD?\=ABN
M3NW8X-2#]&[I5JR3P6E695*H0:5-YS0=H\G^3'K4I$0S(ZMSK;$Q+6UX
9Z


K\:A8H

ML9D042:UB\C/+K2EW'/=

M#L[WVZ-;.UDDG?%Z



J(Q
M%YIG?3MTLR.@YK73M$SR_2K/[63AH)G\L$]=-=98?W!HYKUFH\!K9:YR9*+8


;RXAITD_FX^^*5U$'@](N



R
MG^1()ILPD59;G[4]R?JA^5=K.EQ]NLQRTZ'*Z?:H\Y%J\D4F:Y _V@ADAZZM
M;YO

S^K








1NYZ;3)IJ+KYM?U6M=HE W
U$Z]K&#^$JA9X*T7P\24ZMG_

+NVRF$E!B]B(0$9=9BFMF4.R-Z#
PF)5F(&!E?OL
MAO;-0F!=#=8

!VFCI!-!\2




P\UU]0^'Q9.*S7K[\NF

MGJ87\M3:7.F\P-Q4611;%EJ7%
M_^V[9Q









L4Z%V(?B]CG$'H-HENM$+@_Q



.[ASP@E64


3

M.(


MZ$S]UWW/[7%C\/+EKW'8CQ.S\=+#-P??O4H5'$XL 7

UM)9JK(J5X/IHWJS\B05I_;=YUEJ4_*PE(_[5
K_V'W=5394OX]U
M+N^2%[S80LO=S:[=DVP?:U3[\[/.


)?;Z -UC\*H





 3




IG :Y.


MX&QN^K
UE4-1.4*KHD2#N=D-K\Q)PMP\#9_9MV-/V&,'@,,AW,Q+8_IKCWQ
MSXH;-^9B-C5GQLV?GVSSY\TBXWZUB,4YW/SY;CDUVSY3080'%APXYZ8C@/D

M

T&6UQ^WAHBQ[:XCJS9;3%
MQ:M)ZS\Q^00E:)^6/.8X+B+W'8KT'XJ0VF\Z:L&\=4:+337(#^T&N!L7-YS


\W^$2:5GKRRF+U7QX.=G;_\M
7



?38?6+_M


MN9H?LZ'*JEP-XS1
HSA

H-


?9'4;JY/@['#3
$H?].(G+ZQ]?KFII]@1T@M
#NS-^83!C616SR&X+:8;M*@C6#+T








MR=!DCD_H'QJE ]+8-1)ZI
92R35

M&G


G095@0 Q8(





MQO7CQ1\M\6KUT3/WX9'/#7QW[ =^ZLL*'_X=4!D6VYD]%NV 27V\*]ZCB&Y4

IZ*WR(W%*^V?OG)WO[5:0FG[3CB
!L)1;YW-T\3ZYO?\/<L?(W73<08_%)_GZB(]H2!^DJF8Q?YD_5BHUT?C
M1,:+)U9=L+JPQ:,JU,^K9TNUD?3SS_-\]8GP4/V5T5_^9LEMML\.;+1L\;9



0J+&4-HAXR

PEC\4]K)IGR2C-




@FB[ *3CXK7


MT__.^YUBG+62&@^TU??((

M9;^_W2[.7^Q)+%Y^X#+UU^H].J:K



M*'^+/'5YR0OE#Y_4/[V+(D]U1GY5AAAGW]_*3
3SEQV_?THW6'95KD-W\DE]

$_5@J&;.&B.4@;J6]^HC[L0K]8_*74/5
M2T]=/Q#OXF@B8_4];]5%BE=?W ?Q-HZFXO^H=R\NZBKTU(?%^7!6_?KF:W8M




MQ]IY/69]FU;U:OLU=

M
)UW:AY[VM;=^TQ2B]O*NU'WOORRK:?MC_8B=6EAE&:?%







9KC5WS.)JYYM]M4+?
DG/PBRZ40_S%6=


M1TA%?


KXROAHB.L978UK^-K#TSCJ[Z3.#NUN9S7
M
4Y6




50R[ D4YS8[
M[;95=Z%*JD@_%=%I4$A0(ZADZ#1;69N]H67#LJ**4
G0:5!(4.H9.@TV_D:
M/:ONXM!4$5,W-9O?7)_X#KDLP&X @D&

M)*@15#)TFJU%M$Z/3H.&10

M*C_US*T692U^=3])3[R+(H^E?#402^V+RT:&


ST0E=1J&GOC1
F9VI@5:X
M/$
















M&102U @J&=K
ELUT8$%10LS


!;%;BI%='/C3Z2X
( U4I0P


M$LV5: :_/WO

MW?#6SZ3B)HE

UZ
[40^YC'.[].0LEA/?3?THW.VAQ\KQL0:S
MG4=;[+%.]*)]_%2QF)ST
2_WX+R3T:W2YIT_$5=A]H:\U;Y]U/]
=-.[_YO=
M;R]_&CJV\U)\O)/B
E+Q










S3*^ZCO(V*G-Y;C#.%G!&.+NJ)E[)
'H
/UE'*4+/Q3J@P
_

)%(9UN %KC/&C#\&PE4\/.W+ [


(EC4W?M=Q] VR#C_A









MZG63BSOUT(VES

; IQGUAM\


)1_68ZCBZT.
C!+






V)*R.Z#0P)
MN@TN'$YSKFGUAHXU1 7%H0W3.3'Q_%3UP_$V/TDXP?450)V!W!(L#N X=3





M ;DPS1




BF([7 8U&@[G.XOKH




7U_)VJC[G#SF+XE0]!*_]9!)$
MR3R6']6W_!I$DT__^.M?A/C[Z@W_=^[&J8R#A[=^Z(83WPVNPJREW-2/PO5[


M]V4++Q]H]1P%[BR1+U8_O!2KH-8N[GO:LWBQ_
#%V[I6[]$][E544'Q6QU'@


ME-W=6FLX=((3WL-RQ
-#)LR.0/W6CY-47#B/#T1K





MR?#=O1(N\I[0IIZ\OLR3VA0.G[=^


E4Z^$&-*V
@($R5+['+X@UGQ[Z8]&U@@5E:G:

M!)4

M
IS2W(PV.UVZ#!J4JNMEW'AF3 @S51KX9&@NQ1%

MI@&9

M8XX


H=@
5_O-


2'
5&G@DZ&Y





:U\-02)BJ$5B#819_P5YZ
M7=OJHI(R53KX08V+8B@D3-4([06?D;*78=\:HI(R53KX08TK8R @3)4(L+MP


QZ2 C!40

MY@(:@E3HYH&9,HLH)$.=4,R7#Z#(D&-H)(I,;-)-E0-R7#-#(H$-8)*ALZ

L#J

MP:#*4U:V\0Y=;\NNNL+E(#W2K^=2I)&(HWF8@15NZ(GT3HJ;8#Y)YV[J1V$B











($



[K9L5PSWO#\DWA05!#/TPUFD6ZSB+P9C8J)AX6<AMP- 9A_%5RYKEF9?G


M*@C6#+T&A02U @H
M&7J-3K2H(U@R]!H4$M0(*!EZC4ZTJ-8


M0_T@HL&.;%QA02%AJ$;H


C DJ!%0

M5Y-)- _31

I#F5&K)J!!H55




W5DUL +/?



-6/)L/1=8:9U5+GR'15DK()8
MQ;MV M0&*!FZRU;*27M8^R8



M/3J&^9HH[L-4

8I:$=&1H



892&IF3H

#).0]!;]C=
!;'J?I._4OK/Z
M(-D5HR2E!X +T]?TFWFEGU%4]+/3^5G/J7TS-PU-*^W1TQT- :28^&5C)U

FOA1

M$8\H(M1K]08]JX
196F*T

W0J%!-U*5W1TJT;A
MI%N=

CQ 5=:U!$L
M&7H-@EJ!)0

4!X
*T-?UF




S65#JVWU4#%10+!D

\2)52CA%@DHS8\']([&8M@72KC
M^&-AF*F)8CY,,C.6#+L%Q6Z!U4?E1 7!DN&49MT$J U0,G27[4$G]S2#0<&7
M$.VE=@+4!B@9VLN&5M]JHV*B@&#)T%SJ)D!M@)*AN;!@ABYHH(7$91@8$M0(
M*!F:32&SO%W]BU*J$8)U58N8RL58W50T++EM\X*RF]WYL:JB0U@=IU&DT]W
M4:!:(UGWX 8OA?P\]].'FO.?BGT#(M




*A]5^:N


MB7RQ^N&E6 ;W=KM8I?/QG


G?\^?UA-ZGT;U?1E/U=(+4A#QCB548
CQ/?\]6?*A_:S%#?S%#/-F<(UX+D^RC\

B8V*B9OE


G0


KFB!848:*AGP$_'8
M(5C+YV]#QW:H'T0TV)&-'H-PE-T&,T@-2V'%1,INI&@XA&;T$A8:A&ZT:
M0.K;U@B5DZGT2DT5Q02!BJ$9J+!I X.8:-!CNRT6-02!BJ$7J
!I#ZCF6C


M9D.KU^?.-#0F^ JBR\0H$9 R=!E.'.FQIH(=%L8$A0(Z!D:#8;6EUG9+51
M05%)TS=8+6-4^')JFV$:13[,CDF98-9GB.PQPT8\FP+\ M [J@@182S0:&

M@(P5$$T&A@0U DJ&)L
1C2YHH(5$LX$A08V DJ'9T&QT00
M))H-# EJ!)0

?H_ES%4W+[_.

E)+U%A^-T


M91R1S

48V
E1I^(4&?TA4=?:K,(F;+&3K6)4EK0J6#*T*A02M2E=TM*HR




;I0TO


M!@P)QC90
JR65]C ;UL=5$Y4$P9N@P*6H$E Q=IC@

M# EJ!)0

MBI-GG=Z(JS1H6%C!!K/NRCROOA! )OZQ%X @D&

[YZH:QZ\ SS.%'<AREHQI)AOV!#J]=J=VRKAXJ*(H(E0Z-!
M(4&-@)*AT12,QAY57E2CA(R5$&T&A@0U DJ&-L--T+J@@182S0:&!#42H9F


MJ12I^Y7%-NJ&@I\TR&B&2H;=@@TMIUUY@I
*

M6D@T&Q@2U @H&9H-S487--!HMG D*!&0,G0;(H)@IQ @X/8AN
892&IF3H

C543&\#L*DS=\-;/BFZX




MN%F*6%;PQ)U



MV8'-IV-.


D&A1\C=&H8$C0J'1%1Z
J
M52:FSR)D:%#P-4:C@B%!H](5'8VJ7

MF@T

MJ W/A_1.QB)8E]8X_E@99GBF ^3SXPEPV[!AI;=KCRU2049JRZ# P):@24

WRYW!0H

ML0'


M'0^P\7V15J_=J7V[]4'**P9*J@\ %ZT-$P^MK9'T:&WEB/9:[8YM]3!B):U-
M#_71VJ#QT-H:28_65M+:[)'5Q8B4-#8]M$=C@\9#8VLD/1I;R7(IO5:OUZZ\


M%^&&GKK7)T@-.BW)1SLN!H/$3V(MA



MZ87TPN_





MVV49QCI

/64::5K 1YUTO
Y%&BDP#2(C70I%!)T*;I4

M-_2$ZTW]T$_4IZ3^O13RZTR&B43-'&1? X8$@QPHF457@CV%O*=@=ZTN*BA*
M)8,;0:%!#42H8V4]B@T1U67NBCA(R5$&T&A@0U DJ&-K.AU1G57K%M).
M0709&!+4@9NLPIDT$H)&.%1+.!(4&-@)*AV6QH#=I.[=65*2'6
-$)SZMI
M%*?^_]S4C\(C$S:8'(KB.LQ*
Y8
^P.%A W'&J%RHH)@R=!E4$A0(Z!DZ#*%





H85


K[92-\QRN0I3&<LD796S04T#9\AH2A\0N?
M#


8=%L6'G)C HZ_Y(9S84AS&1IX).AN1178_K6




M@B5#LT$A08V DJ'9%!



U*!M#=H/+2W


M_Z[.S


Y'!;IF& 




ZL%


BY  M[H?Q_-K






$
M-5.*708@$NPRH



&






MG

 2HM
 D:!




 D3!5'?APZ#!K6-73
F@P)DN(
6!'G7\#:W-

M0\\R66OT+ 2]QMZ=&SRN3(C'K0:U8LA8-3H?Y,%?'I[[PM$(4(^)IA2;#
M836\32=@U*U]AR.'K'B;&6DQ\%&,%@,,AQ936,CKUKX7@Q:CHXCH-4 D*!-4
M./2:S7F;PU0
1EL-1S-












YB0
M;K7@]B5=

MO6F2U4-7




(N#CF.RE.@X

 #EA LBI
G:VLCU6YR$M6W[K2*3\=F=NK)K8 &8?\M2/



8[*
MA8%1((FI2T]FE2)XVYMU2RH( TV*7R5T:V 2-MM*5'MRHQ?]OFB H0[[(
M:%9 )&A6VM*C636M$@$]Q4./0N(!#U+6WKTK

!OFR;/3
MC



$*/# 
.APYQB2I
.0X=I+ #\($:'
UU2 ]+ARA2NKGPQ <S-5?#0W:#PTMZ8I+F=

M.1IL5AQ1

CQYUSIP:6I7)6J-G 9&@9VE+CYYU.$U[8%L.*DB#*^4\
M23[



T 8N%HAD&
#J
O'#K
M3,^:#0F2XF. T2








L^Z1&SY@!)PSEG&% <@WT!:#/KP)-_-
Z#4;+A)#?+Y=+#4!X'_VG=^W4U7+IMOD9





F*CC;%3:Y:


728]IB[#=]&8NVRD].AKT'CH


LXA(/].9'OV








M)/](XA?P[11].[FCV&2 00

H@ -($_R311.PMC+Y;H_8N S30 6(1!(ZR
MY23KK7

M3?280)L(D8 V09O:JTV][M$3B4*:#/6


M(@$SH0H'@F

M[; Z48G;=\[)$WJ;I.)Z

M[HDB2.'F2




N:#I=R/


M&5IELXU!JPB1@%892P]:U9K#L! KJG @5H1(0*R

MTQCZ4&SMIA@]4A/L)!MZ(#!,49G&Z+/[,U?19C/6!BS9&7L#'L6)5GVG6C


MW_7J
*DC!R:N&:A8S(M^_.^&T=OKD%H]DOF!*MC- KL/Q[7M(YQG/??
&9#P


AZP3\5T&O&)N$



M1'-Q*-VZ:/#(FV;\9?7B)U:.V+K=9@;5Y?&=CQVHNW]FO!WZZ

29/IPG]CY

*PLLM%N

H0 /(DWP3A9

[A!I QUC1 I

!P(#B$2







M


@(AG)C(^PVD=.H
VB!I\(D2MK0 A:D^V

(\YZCGW=TTVH]:@8K%O.C'^VX8

M4



/7WIHX5KC+QIQE]6

M1Q*_@!LGY\;)'9



E :ZB0@(T0)0.M
8D6[(@L&6@-%1*P$:)DH#4F
MT8(=D24#K:% C9E RTQB1:L*


M
)0


BMK@)=;'&

M0%P.&98!0[+6D V9$C 1HB2@=@T-V'.,)6A!N6041G(G7$H*N_BG*=^,IEZ
M\8SI;_&4;$ 3Q@%42%CJQ.B3P3B@IC7H]G&.F1H4^B8$F2%# C9E QDIC'=
M''1[*
1)C0I.-
.)P30

M)#A@1LA@9B$Q-PDUR&A;T 0&3(D8-$R4!DL&QFAK2A@2Q(4,-D*4
M#
2FN6RVZWE:&- 1#0@)-HX7OU&D_MC+5-1&&-_R+)^(^]PU: .!G51D!_%H

MUEB:;&-89&'





UV



M@=90(0$;(4H&6F
2+=@163+0&BHD8-$R4!K3*(%.R)+!EI#A01LA@9:(U)
MM&!'9
E :ZB0@(T0)0.M
8D6[.B 


3@VD82@;R
MTI07YY0J)ULM.(%P;3
)0

MK#4DB T9$K 1HF0@-@N[


S8$/$
M]LX@+]8X
5M-@SX9R$M-ZWSGB'(8D+4&!)$A0P(V0I0
1*:FU;^X=
ZH@H()

M# G8%$R$!N(C2EH2!L2Q(8,=@(43(0&XB-*6A(&Q+$A@P)V A1
A ;;-*0

M$:)D(#80&U/0D#8DB T9$K 1HF0@-A ;4]0-B2(#1D2L!&B9 VV*RAS(1T




XLT5&+^@EO*.*A2J+6 MG$&'^9@VYQ_+4GO=8/OMR!<#I44=H:
MA[UK5!,$RAHO!X$R%AT$:AN!.NT/(%#4J$@X.4@4&U%!X': N<YCK%20T+?



=
M(K(/@/.B[_2H@K0U'IN^B4&GR) 3IF*#CKUI.O DMK+0UR188$Y


M&HX2NF:&Z4'72..!KK62'G0-JY&P0

W2-FND=


[52I
DXW$AB*3Q0! AB!#$8T0@00^M=+C0

M%Z&+T

YU$DG:CH



MUP.JG4'/?IU

LS (

'=DVUSN'OR)-]$X22

'9*IPH
MQ$F6#-2*@FHE:GHH%:MP@FU(DL&:D6%!-3*5'10JU;AA%J1)0.UHD(:F4J

M_V9EHL/P23[MLU[7/7H!#IC./2K/R0*!JE A8:EI0%4

M8:F-0%P
B 50]/Y8G,OG(E*?YK,.F
MD?ADAWEQP/A?13B=B)LG&RV%L0(5$O!Q1,E@K-!(M''N=*ERLM6D&8#+@RF
M82@9B$M#7-Q3%PDWJ%&!O


/AF
 VI:@UYWY_TSF)U)@29(4,-D*4#&1F8;IYC@/.




/U!73EDZJ6BB2U@]CX?[UPDY;!H]   9
P)
MCP3
MT77.:#A*Z!KI[%60
S
=(N3


'\P?/=1&=9T7& Q;&S]DT
M36[#0/PQG(F_;WF6BU:J^;6]11HJ
7_%/#\/;\
\Y





M6F
2+=@163+0&BHD8-$R4!K3*(%.R)+!EI#A01LA@9:(U)M&!'9
E :ZB0
M@(T0)0.M
8D6[.B 


M
B1@(T3)0&P@-J:@(6U($!LR)& C1
E ; VIJ A;4@0&S(D8-$R4!LL$E#




%1IC


M0X8$;(0H&8@-Q
84-*0-6)#A@1LA@9B WV:@@C(9VI8R&$@PV3-.!IU?)9


I WR!LL$/)F.Q[(6ROI0=ZPU]9*TUNSU];:


M_!72W5#$0Y5$K06RB3'^
@?=XOAK3WIM'WSU.H/SW=/K(1#;6BN#5)$A :DR


MC;B?LV3$^%=_[



%0MYLQP-Y:R4]R!MF;;9:7FMS
M)M''\^PU]U/N9?PYV/]2KQ8#(4Z0#P08K.I!EBLX$.L=F'\)QNUQE0)6EK


EJM'F\.%&T'R
MCR1^ 3=.SHV3.S9-AA;</=DVA[LG3_)-%$[V
OE
CT-^X&O
\S7814#/K%5

N6I#NOP_#R\
M#7


MAF. 2X.X4%AJ8U 7 R ],R]=)USJJ1L-9WG9(% 5:B0L-0THH&0.I==C%G
MH08%:5P
2N

M+!EH#142L!&B9* U)M&'9$E ZVA0@(V0I0,M,8D6K CLF2@-51(P$:(DH'6
MF$0+=G3 F Y3DH_0QW,E&D 5]&-Y(K./3'F:SSIL&HE/=I@7!XS_5833B;AY
MLM%2&M0(0$?1Y0


8&XP(7!- PE W&Y1^MO%SVW1Q87#(DL&8@-

Y[N6/4$$

%S7N: *RE83VG5M$^IBC0^SU33HDX&Z--5EY_(GL"(
M2SL!T'=AMIH&?3(0EX6 \AY53K9:$,0%+@RF82@9B,LAHS)@2-8:$L2&# G8
M%$R$)OF
ED?ZV34H!PR*@.)

OGC']+9Z2#6C.( *4N=



M)BSS(LZ2$1N%7WFP7UT41'Y242($K%E+!F
$1'Z:@H:T(4%LR) C1 E [&I
M:76=4ZJ88$!DR4!DJ) C1 E Y%IBHQ+%1

BP9B P5$K 1HF0@,E@V,P4-
M:4.V) A 1LA2@9BTYS1G%'%! 
Z8/S&H:)M%H(UV#!) YY6+9\E41@P_4%=
M5V3JI:*)+6#V/A_O7$+EL&CT  !DS DK=-?CJIH1OI D/3V8.!S M@\XZ 2.


U() G*B0@3Z:B@SQM



M63+0&BHD8-$R4!K3*(%.R)+!EI#A01LA@9:(U)M&!'9
E :ZB0@(T0)0.M
M
8D6[(@L&6@-%1*P$:)DH#4FT8(='3FPY0L+O3QR!0NPR1-DSL9R?$LY5-O
M-A%W^IPE(Q;P84XV- HC!HDX-F(DL$(H9EPQ'6=4ZJD;+4AG)B#$X-I&$H&

M8$C6&A+$A@P)V A1
A;A5V84Z3;H$8%Z38H4OF@(S%T(,:(IRD/&DDW_3+
M=ZTG@_!-*N*#L#-KR6!8L+# N6LR8U@0L05.B(LU+LQ6TZ!/!N)RR 5.&)*U
MA@2Q(4
-D*4#,0&8F,*&M*&!+$A0P(V0I0,Q 9B8PH:TH8$L2%# C9E S$




]/W6Z5$G9:D
X] PG!M
PE SDI2DO
M+M2%&A2HWP83,-0,E7FM;9J3.@R@D61)8

M&XB-*6A(&Q+$A@P)V A1

<JB8FX60#39




ML


M+\^%Z[I..?_WA91Q*ZC)M2OJ)#FTZ*TH!J.U+O8_9_7EQXZ8SUW0X3.G71




MC/

UO9$:22


5I$L%@\G
MW
=7\;[XU=*/?Q'W]VN2!!G+^(WT'$Z#^/Q5+6'JNDTI6R%=M;*L4B]YW_(V



%]!8O8(V[Z*RVWJ:5;9H
M=V^EG^F(P;_OJ
4,Z+4K^4
M@:$GO)GTP_)9%_/U[
%Y4RB4$PL5$-*RY\WK!H
7O





LYRKS/] A0&Y%Z
MB

GB2T+:TNZ=Z5[@_*.

MXE0T?^:+MO=E2H! B.8W]$5_%@ZJ[ -9U0DZ9?]NNND@'(W$E$D)^)#G=](K




T4PUD)B2\%LY^ULN..4X1=BYQB:E
M;:FQR6O-QU99Z;*$E@D7(7Z)?Q6317FK-=YE;5$NJE80[B\#EZO#X62:RB&=
MLC:M57F:9')6%]ZJYQ*V*&?R=;N7C[&N
\J&*IV%IU:YJQ\O!VJ30LS=Q/49

MS6VA+S='$UEG=4/5
E8][E#T%7[+JQ5\.0^?R EMJCN@$M:J3SPTD]ULBKHX
MK?U7QM^/WE3KLLWIZ]EC3%^W\/=$YJ__TILS\R;::N:JQH+WYK#: KQJ(TBJ

HO(V V/A;^3&S_B?3[-:T'_5QS.YVJJ#U]-1+_RO84A
MTJ]75Q\6QD
I5R.\K#E(%TY!CG?^6P0WU=\3
.?C\FR
M1K-MMVZU:+F+5BVGX%=Q(/_O39VB:
U:U3F
73Z




MQ*M



MUO
OX/U8J5NJG#/L5#C.LIVU!PJJ*0[2N[TE%3N]DC/)]KH\\=]B'TORC;

M3(6Y25.;2FM=8T*7

?*RD(&0TAKTQZ]D)]\^3/^Q


AT7)WXM^7+[IUOE_7+_6@9C]F


7.7A44&BL


2HDK/%CKU1ZS_)0F%SIKR/H-S 7C
AM[;P0OOC83&0*W:4Q?E5F]SQ9$E<59BH@,6VD&;U:=A&=GF9)
MWJ[%1-/OYZE2'THULH[AM\%O!$&I[*(EQM .HQ2QIXJ
#)0LQ''ZL5QH9+0
%%&NL@#K=$B+][
&DT@1HNQ.OH_5$F&
MYQF-A+UY7^63-H\?+#FTT

W[$%D<RSI./?K
M653)!8?-9==[?4CC4?CS)?UE1-)TV2H4BMVJ@36WZ187M8[PZS9 E%U(D ]
M3C*O-+CX5-\::=9


M\%7VNW3N!*5K%I\)\_(T6!IFJJA
E

MEQ4AJERS*L]H)&6R
8K7Z;Z%3JB9H2-S+
IR@_(R
K9[*O.(OW^E7TO#F29A

9#G&*C^NOJFP


M'$J5'5'V





MZC)

MA6H8HA:OHO +5P6*Q*!*N@)=ZD#?(X_Y2!:+D@M0\P5
G0&BT7-IYJ7#I+
M7\KSZ7M;:+3&JEB]=MEH\IEV.64V:/$TY11A63WE?\_+M*HN*DLEZX&.O)MI

*54=J;/8

K!$IU


MOQ.6
[JH+% LG


M[\M:&-)A=


MOMN93_6BQ N67U][I^5G/'2&DW(;85Y!IKQF60I8SH







EP%%8SFGF(2CD8SKQ)M9TZCU+4+1
T!^!E(=VLT?2?561#W7#?ME2]

+6)'TL6E91+?

.NZ8CZAZ;C[.7[ZKJK
+=IL(;K.FQ*/58;N=4
09E

][832U7EW1?ON5R

Y4M**^













M


R/G=[V0*O5

=5Z@^L,2#A*BENPE$1
3WH&FD\T+56
MTH.N;9DYJ.^X)!PE=






O?





[L5]6&Q(GU
OC-@D_
H\83]9[/E?6%SD9.LRP7J.;SWW




::'J@/8Q0;&9!@P2L:T049\N^!\/TO
M$3_V&4]8#6FKV2#3NUUPKI,X&4Z=Q@..39&G4Q;ALOJPVGTZ9UMG*(7&QCE



M^$


M8W#)0(1HM) 6Q(

Z






MTZ*:F5_XC(6Q_*27ATG

M#]BH;'+FZS;/9.W-I
BC
!;OAK&Z1%G 4I;F=.JB!W4W.'Y'_*[!5ONZIZFY

T.'D0&3DMZ#QX;L
M-3%5-6RN%


UH

)TQ

TO.&I/(#'
B_R A:D/

ML* ;GG78=1('H0RC@/6893U'(.$ZW4U6^Y?@A*TLT-:WOJB3/G@BK')PX!


MQ$0@
X3A0&9J6H.C%\K!?G[SG*W'\_5_XK,Z\@GE)_9]8PICG=3X4D\.M:

'O)L!)+K

MAZ)':1&*F4SL^5]PC!/&L=8X;-E6_@1K($#!E$-C6*@D0=K_36MGKOS8C\.
M)Y,Q(AQ.ID !.@,XT)GEM-QSA_ *S:5#[BIC$/&A\+S





ML(Y8U9)8624)\.S  -N^@2'F+0
#?26L[\BC#K6[!&4SQS%V0P'&7;=FN^




X.@(8P;$)

M)M.#0IE




2\\VP2








VWI'.XUR;;VO$PN

MM?IQ74P*
1


HK%&*GK.*91B
MA6O
O:@6B3?E








M^Y+T$Z3B6^EEK31+




M+3% $A=YX(J)EOMQ@/ML$J6BNMQ0 TEAH-Q
8 2'H?[J+G]F _%-'0]FR8
MT% A8:F-0&


!

.4QV QI#

K)5@O:-2\ Q
4:%V:K:= G W'!80!3T) V)&RA
MT44#HR%*!NK3F-IT

\H#U_:K+WV18$7]*Z5]*!WT#M8H#EZ
M!SR0-]#O&%UTFY=.^0.Z:&VL=?MD 9)

NL9@9

M#Z&'NY

M&H-\7W*0N^BC1%ST+GM9]YKC]]OO&ERU:Y0=IO18OYQT12?A421]DNBW\[]+

!C.+()2BUOYY_+67C:E.Y;54M9]!.Y;*
ML Q&BMCIPLA@3VIM7^


[/@9HP J).#!
MJ)+!**Q&##H'ST$%#:$U03\'Q(DRE/\UF'32/Q9D=%;__BG J$\.3'5)C
M:$%!-P:53(8&M2X+KJ[1\/ADP:&F!X& 1!D4FGH.G+.61E\MHG'$XW77/
M *L%5(0'
QU[R6!(4.
Z=5&;E!P4K!:0QO


/S/A_SM
S_1';X






1Z@0L)2
M5V8 &8P'&N.!WN 

3
MFUA<)W@G?S8<A3S0H9)79:3D51S\5J]8E,L9G^73?A:W^RI*___^/X[QGZN
M+OZJR



\D*XQXDR3-P_]Y\]OSXIM0^B3Y9AC7










M;CD8

.(?6&PRMHR1#

MG]FPH 6M4+\1.2T066RT0'



MO%RW



+AV//RORF-43E

\9E=)KD7B?^]A'*\;X/#+L-IJ3!A/!2QV33+9PLDJA#D<3!<<FVOD?3
MK3U@/\*.759)A R\:P;L]
7F\= 73?3%&G6!Z(NK?=&VNA!15A]?G/*8XUA'


KZB%PYF?-5X


MA8/0BS+AQ8'()N-Q%
JZ&;U'V


&FV_#.
RN92 ^
M)TG0])91]@#PIYP9QE#)LNPP-7KV+6K35!#YFJ(/H-@AI!)4.?J?C
P+'.











HOL/BC!X=O+VDP+6Z?=/A*^N2_W3!SEZ
]3<:ZO[=A.^<)Q.\[)\^+:9I?V^-&#354TC-
9/Q0(OFDK
M))F_NO;BS^IOAK'(KZ7PO32]4QH4WDTRB7.1C


\Z7WMZQ[
MJ%^K:L;$&'H(@-*0U,L_=)%MIY=:*&QX+.BA%QD$'S#@-/QT%WU844*H
M6

/]U%'U:4$H6


'$0*@W

A.LC_
MD5[$0 B/B8%0;S 


5L

^
M
1*0FCGHK:PL7
KGIZ'KN-0/(AKTR$8
$!B
% @-1@-( \=N_#07*D?'F$8
M$!B
% BM10-(G?ZYY:
E4Y6L0T8H# 8*1 :T:0.H-.6A!8Z)%2


MH(5$IT'!0(% DJ'3T&ET00
M)#H-@8*!)(,G89.HPL:%O]#Q?/_\\DS
*\

MD]2_]C(IQFE8'/X;_.\DRXL@763 +D? ,)ZF,9L+!EVBK+9[5G-BD@8P5$



':;B
%VK
M@\J)MIC#B!+_^T+S[O[4X%%E&299/T_=+$TCH%A#)(,.P+[3,R@D(P5$IT&
M!0,% DF&3D.GT04-M)#H-@8*!!(
G2:!:U3Q[%ZJ*!

+&F@AT6E0

U1I=P47
MTA

^Q%!H4?(W1I5 PT*7T
1
!X

M#040;L-
9F/)L!^PS[P
LE8(=%I4#!0()!DZ#1T&EW00 N)3H.@0*!)$.G








MU?F!CN;-N;[/.8TA^^AT5IFLVCI34AUNTK/9@635%3 D=L2C%& H[&?'&;X?

9HRFK8R


DF@=_I62FXT!C)
+C*VM)&.O F
@!I 2&0.K
MMTDE9^/$](]BO0151_0C2P;=N3)J7GY_! 2]87'K;^95VV=!=1^\*'20^#
MQ%+?PRBHQ@5%5].0&UVM13#I:I!8.#+CS%1;*/Y3YJ@R8_2#Q
)I=P8W32AR


M6!C#(+&LC&'M%@RCF@:0WMV
.M,*;6[_H8F%\DQ'('Q)T&PS:S83!$!_FB<I MA
P8$@T*
'10#8
AN@@.7S6@Q.#H?9L& S103(8ZL&)


MZ@B5S;5CR@:BH9D:#Z:TJ*.4,EPH(-

MW8=

M:O07%!*F:H3^H@&DTT[?H;V@4=%OU-)VG=!F4
G09C2 =.H..E8'E92ITM'/


H(&
%1)-!(4&-H)*AR53W--%ET)CH
M-X)INTKP8YJI6L$G0[?9Y_H:A62LD#BT02%!C:2H=G0;'1! RTDF@T*6H$
!]41[_B
M'T#Q'W2)
.NP1XJUYY;?51.5! J&;H
@EJ!)4,7::ZMC9D?70T*/J-8=HN
M$_R@9JI6\,G0;O:YN$8A&2LDCFU02% CJ&1H-@M:7;MVWB 59*RZ#(H)*@1

M5.RF0[=!8Z*?V[0
 'X(












%Q3QJM&#.PNC_0U[P)
MCZ4M&)*G[V*AOCA2 3U#J4 X=(]X[CD

M]*;V

4#B<I#^P\'[

M/21';?6FMF4
 +9E]/O6^9#;


M$Z '& ($/



U0CM10=*
MW=[0JKMCCM)I


;:9B


_A=^

5FW%I
VA

 :Z0H86(N+1$:#RV1






VZ%#;&]@


M(=.YMRNW4;=R'&O0WW[RA'Y6W&LQS

M]I/X:S4YFQ6I_V)$[H8(DE KR2L



M0U:=0/+J_MB



M@HF7JT7(BOD
MT2]0;CE 27PE!ANVZQ!AEMC4/. $ATHH4_BK-2F
37A=3%$


G0?K7!12$:NRCD=:P /Z:T
M9.I%LL(G I%(6%H%*M;%.!8!6[9RB70YU![2)OE
Z!H.N2W/48O&4*W0

MTSM1W)\K








M]I
;*7+OJY!?QS+.ZA::.
(:OL&P-%CTW=[SEG@:W:WY&99JO=[
#F1;WYMQ



MS=
GD^RWSYXWOOCH7\M@$LGWHU?)S5BU1)QG[T?ORKGD2^_KF^E
\DL9RU&8

0B\/DWCY
MFT08/#MY^TFA[@PZ)T)]L+C_#W+T[.15\5.GX]K]\]XGUW8&MF
[Y0O'[3@G


61UQRKA]N^PRW&H#2(MQV*4
SPJW%B+M#Q
78K#J=H&'$U74B9Z4\
M9W
[G!5HG

9TESFA8F:W\E/;]'+6[KT%@P2]!8X
M)NH#]);Y/K]SZQP5U)&G

YG


=*QW1K'W+

MP+Q.U%_
0U^


MCV



-5$2S@2%!L\&%PVG0

&7




.8&
M+@

A_.ANN7FF&HU&HB)LZ(P).@YN' X*ZJ;YW!6E/F@F(0NBP^&Y9;X2^\K










86#PEL[CT[
163X:



Y]ZSW$8]R^E8PQI3








MAZRSMEIO%HA):2?A&@S*2H$50RM)FE=)JFSTZAA+C@J1FA=_&MNJXDO1
?

.]W:NS@H
E=<BM3[NK40#N<3,9=@Q^@*OO-GYX
M*26DGX1H,R@DJ!%4,K29RJX.UW)@05%D



ME./H;J=VM0Q.WYLK

MBI(O7NQ+C#DGSL[K-K_+V7F=Z7%V?CNDITZW\=U6G)[?A-2O&)1H:+J%1!J:

M7OE/F2\&_&'L)S=R:=Q_AS'-]E /QV!J&DQJ;V]_2SR-[N'\#$NU7L=F![*M
M[]@X@V'M [$.O9:Q


M]469:?XB#OY8+(1?%G=UJ2[K993X?S]__$B(I_=?
KE1UW_W?O2N'$NK;WBE

M&=B.[90O'+?CG#POKGYV\8\?/=B81=
Y[OBA/%-:R(]5]$*E4[^*J5IT77

MEXE14M1NJVY:;_X!?%1A.(UMQ2





U0G?1@9)SWGCU RI'








R=!?N'= %#;:2Z#8H)*@15#)T&[J-+FB DSN7YCW%59(&
ITW
M?I9$82F'Q3E'8^]XI0? []35+U??'L7/_;GK[D5=,F3:\R%#M(Q81HMU




MT$:302%AJ$9H

M/PH)QC!4
NP'+'!USX?6$)84-81*ACZ#0H(:025#GZFDV@R'/+ 2#0I7.*'Q
M5


MT!!]!H4$-8)*ACY#GX&& KVZN:\3EEK&['U^+5



^).TN%TQ



M* WF?3=(15K'T^C^RL^P5#=

ML?V;;W8]RS7@=W@];*$&ND+&&B+DT1&@]-
MD:9(4]S)% =NM_%$+*U










ME?TITX_7ZF%YZ66A_R(.7H?1))?!ZNW3PWUOGRZ:T'''#X4
\/W3TUW-10]L

).ES6$MR1!F0:P4.)IHYUSFA:/YK6G=1F-$43)*.IQO!PHFFO1GEE
M1M-9-.UA*)315-\)F)7:G


O]YH^%!5B_Q 

MGS(7IU&29;^*








H_0*NSX#U

0^$;Z


M5WSB7B




MGNB7D7IRGC]^)



MO8_6M\Y9Z/15.\ETOT[:0-^S
[#.NP\.HLC@NF][F-(T+2!XX^B+?=@^35

MZ

% =
MB%AH
/JPHH0PL=!@NB#08F+,GA,&,!TPL  UBBE#_+&XNZMK!:80B#Q
(0

$P*+WY*E
_S-@'0X+*83!D:P1BF]4O^2

M#*P^*

M




M\&'2HCQT*(@,-BM.1&BVH13%H4)A9:%/AJQ





MHH!@R=!D4$A0(Z!D:#+?T/IIZ#HN+X*98
S0:%A*$:J3N528\Y(J1AQSJO

M:[[S,Z@D(P5$LT&AH2A&N%&,PT@#?M6C]N8P:!H$-/H+B@DJ!%0,K09G6A1
M1[!DZ#4H)*@14#+T&IUH44=[S,Y@!8U]X7GS5:9^F+&&1M,@F%]&,NP)[$[



[7WDSS+O;AHK3/A
M$1,/K=%,O+1&N,0A&J21$J5!ZH':H(N


M95 S\7(9=


LE^
M^^QYXXN/_K4
)I%\/_IXK1B_]#(9O$INQC+.O#Q


A$&

MW('DOZ67BC?JRH*EI$P

IHZE!\!A-

IOI.R*S4YFR.!DE64


M8]&FX500?HIBZ#0H(:025#EZD



M?_*[^MF/ZZE:GW69:U
?WB![=)Y.5A%.9WL-/WQ_4L
M?:=]CK&0\L-3!;A6B8G.WNQ0YFEKV.OC7HPJ(T-'@%U@@-@4$C0H;='1


M?QNE4HJP6-&162Y2+Z][DM$QRN2P?X%!PM#(I@$9;A:I;DFLW3F@A
!&KW07


[[LP=0)8%5U\5 @^E;MKB3
M7EIWNI\+9:@=-88RAC*&
BC!
)2ADF$H8R@#XL10QH
ZCG=0QV'.UOCQN1W5



M1C (#%0'(A9VD?5A10EA8J'!L(N
08E=9$ HASH=JVV3_5H!H^6@8*#E-$KI


5TX'$PAC&&(9!Z1_J
M@[EXC7PR)&,8)!;&,,8P#$KLAT%B80S30-C&/MAC&&Z36 NS5;.2DK
6SY+
MHC 0TP^*\H['7JJ:V#QQP3A1U79VH&4@&RQ[6L=NWH3&J:RLCR3* DD8
J-A


M%59:G)^ Q


30:%A*$:^1D5+UE 6DXL.P.*BA3E:-!3*.[H)@1D#)T&86M!R[
MBXJ) H(E0Y-!(6&H1CB$T0!2;V -AJB@3%7.05;.&MP1U#(\98DSX!J-='X4

2H
M$5 RM)G*4AD]!HP(OG[H,3 DJ!%0,O28REF:_5I
V!0N-D
&L^_9%9_Q8RY
M
B@^PQ5_8\FP!U ID.(






N&Q


MU4SDZI_'BR8MYW.%-VM.$4S2\K?4A^Z*2MCRNTK8Y0GP%XMGH_FG\U&%W336


M]/[+/:'_*O:$8A@

M)Y/
JA4\LR
M=OZ:I3B<2\7_^W%$R^]$[
E=MA4G@-V*I#8:)#\QK1$5#+3G@/3$HN[=;MU
M#\FD@LQ5$%T&A82A&L&M=$QS65 :]JS:9S!3.@T&-;Q2Q\:



O[0PZ(%)$.N+ZL5EMCZSMAC4
HHK.)\?<


MQ+)A.5%!J&3H
B@DJ!%4

MT&6J^3=UQZ14D+D*HLN@D*!&4
G091:X'(N'QK.P_N$+Z^^O&/ZTN/[WA?I?



M857J+=F@5/YSK$&?)RH\O-%BZA6KK*#=-_]J9I!FWOWEHE=0ZODGIV__+DZ=
MILMKL= CO;'];.B-\3_BA?I.&9:Q)_%0+48-,:F-D2Y:G
PU06(V8SV^#E



Q 0]GG


 &W;\+Q0I @_0T:#_VM



_:7J+ZYU#DO*4 W17AC$* U=


M PG19E!(4.H9&@SW^!B5M8--A*HMN@D*!&4
G0;3BH069RD*WU+&7+4K8L








A'F8BS3W OC3.2)R-47ODIN
MQEY\=U^38?![5GQ&74/Y-?&MG']CK'X]N[^ ;'*5A4&H;DEFUH
$*O'F!^'&


M)6



CJU<C=.

_1%8%

MN'IO+!GVCJN]XW-43!00+!EZ# @(2@24##UF04N%U1,%! L&7H, A*!)0
M/:;J
77+^E) Q@J('@
@K/\3-=O&LT+/Y\4/X^$%_SO),N+.CZHJV(,7@@





M7-HA


M3/RV7=W&M68M;?:%TU_K6KWN0[LDZX0'*/%'TZ^=7SS2M9UZTW2YXA/WC^^/
MPE.!;C]




O


MRD-Y





M$FT=D=9R6K_^

MDT3%E=_5*U!)D$)PHJK



SV76]@9? [C5*@/3G0+-#W5@6OF:


UZK2PWB5#T5
MF
7QRXIX<[R]?<I-!P@X(
MW@.LM4-P7@=?9'YU&SB#-+K]YCA+)_
Y_HUS13Z^R7=5PZ1FKK6/GH).ZF
M1EHL*GQ4% T*B;N)CA0-
J*!H7$8+W90:)J'Q5%@T*HC$&%46#0N).6B$U

14=S

M#
T)A03#FZGH:$XFTZ
YP9*A.8&0N)N(S+EP8%04#0J)N_G#%
U*5
BYPML2

4_J)8GV25 3


M^M'M#TYF:80J


(\.6Q+$6U\^KX4Q:H3*@.&!*6+F#]

M(_06 R ]0X5DJVH
B&=T%A 22]-5.6%

4'




M:T$A08V DJ&U 

M5%_E

K068#B4#2P9



4N7IOZ%F23A=RNCQ956Z%BLE4W

@.0Z0U1
MNK&@(A&;P$A
M86\JZKL








U=A(+U-HUE1YE?B@TR+.$O%R8Q9JFU#P8]AMF2I#GO/1NZX

T#%9*MN#(AH]!84$I9J
'P6C& @)6W)2\4E0$R@D

M90-+AM:0H(: 25#:P&&0]G DJ&UH)@1D#)T%J X5 VL&1H+2 D[$U0Q6=#

M)*@14#*T%F XE TL&5H+@EJ!)0,K048#F4#2X;6 D*":JX;*@2%!),4+4C
M0=7K.2-X2&_3:%:4^97X+0N#1(P&_:?B;5HF#JIZ&,=02#!3%84$-8%@IFJ

55PVU TN&[H+@EFJL*BH4A@2'#QI0
UWR!X5 VL&1H
M+2@DJ!%0
K068#B4#2P96@L*6H$E RM!1@.90-+AM80H*9JKALJ!(4$LQ4

AP415%!+4! H))JJBD* F

%&5B:HP
MD#[*
L[EA;HV\4&F19REXD
2I*C:811#(6%+GFIO^&SH#D?#01^5!#6!0F)I


MG_NN-[(S414?$+YV&

!S*!I8
MK06%!#42H;6 @R'LH$E0VL!(6%O?BH^&ZH$A00+J&Z7EWI\





U.5DK&0C9F2Z1@$?(%8FZ3:


J79*@FDA7UQ_\9-8Z
9UZ[#N3])4



M(L

A3M2'B
' =85ZUS3/+F
=N








M(B'/
5''Z.!G0]E:W1*V




M






M(^./QJV7F%S6DUD:8*T4)4S

M?^SUY;9[-=?GX.I7W#P@#\E?XVG:[CN[_ W:K;K8S^=Q(28ZBT']-TA%?'LB
M\*4\CT/UM*N_*


4N)?23R83O/L'_5
M)32MPSPNOE2J7=C[K5B+


6&6E'K2+=#?3)






LB*.E+_N[)O0^8?IP\?WI?
MHM=])(?H-* M-.IT72_5T]3U5T+687ZA[47RV4-U3]W&K$&YPJMU..EZM'


=K\%..G8&]+WJZ2H
2=($
M#0V?C03'^
KX:@-JO0J H5G&5T/C*\
GPZ?%X9/=4WA*T.&3W5/&5\97=D\-
?U6O:T_<OHV8CJ,4Z$^.-%;AG/
M$V;.#MC): U\:$]L-D@RW0+.\7F0GNF-
C=)R]FI:O JV;EXT5!'CW^(Q3(K
MV@$;I
1T XX3X7&/H&2.JC$NZ[R:08LZ@B5#KT$A08V DMG$:PB'LB$96@L6

1Z(H_


K)5N$8$-)H+B@D+-4(

K^
0RGK@;JH?Y
BC^SX5_:\FP(U#O
M#0M@D(!62L@F@P,6H$E Q-YI96W^FA8J* 8

# EJ!)0
7:;F
@-N8T9C@J\@N@P

M
(HO95'&Y2R7/];0W7QUZ#4].)!Y-BB6Q#0!:\FPLW!+Z[#7O
06)?1(4.@N




MU_9N./J9F1&1?F8R/?K9IF-HO_%4+?V
?D8_0X^(]#.3Z='/-IX3'F($2MH9


I?


G9
MS$'W;4^$]


M5E+50B#;1-G!



M@+5DV#.H378Z/51
%! L&9H
@EJ!)0,3::6M]'Z20H4D'$HLG D*!&0
G0

$U7H*P2I</.(3FM[= UJW!]CU/LBALI&FY21W'G7#Y-6:J_I4A[]S.Z(
M2#\SF1[];$







B



8(


MD&!X
Q4=S

MU

2^DT5Q02%BJ

V





M9WT7G]5EO$ZR\



N(!0G^N
AWOL1L+ V&XD1BLSAR*MS#!:-U;F
MMVIEWM#Q_


M(1FS%L-W





O//  J_Z


$K#4#(TEUM:(YH+'!.C#CZR:=7LCZ2
+_02V18GZS+O!L5GN/QO
M+1GV &YI]9U!TQX %00VO*2Y6!/;)4&/AF:\T%F0G-A2&


;M9#L$\R8NPFR6EMLLC#$U!L5G

MS^*A@F@N6 #P0YBMTL G0W.AN2 SX8XQ4#!_RB 7L_JV
1&$Y[&\E!'LXC+[

C&*

7PF#*&4:4:S]






[J=9$BWU

MJ&1H+2@DJ!%4


M&!02MFJ$'F
 )-?Q4#'9JAO\B$9O02%AJT;H+09 XO@%&XVM%?N
R.U[J^MW


892&H61H



Q =I:


L[P3%IN@V*YF)-+-5&OAD:XT


0X(O()H

MY9'
KUN^R)(X$O
7BNIVIT&NFMB.;

+=0IMW$?;%K!LZ:SUU

D0I^0*2=F4R/=F;J


9#/Z0?T@^;D^XW/C.6?FAEP*4?0N.A'](/Z8?-






M=]\HBK0]LV#=V)[?JNMYOM

F]:A
M5F%SB%9ALWV&:P5-JW3


B
M3FOO+


0+:),(B91V:^XL<S
M!_3=]AV_[7T;E-!73'Z !4)S 0%AJ3(,($-SJ9O+P(4%9:F$:X
852&H61H



OLBF4N8QDF&L8RLT P
MEC&6
98QEA$$)=))


N#S
CA-Y
VKHOBR00O=:9 ?-GDV5U_SXFI^?CXK

L_/++=T^$^/G;





[PP9!YEL_?C5U)8:D
=6QAY)TL1A.5



[2\

M!_!A.5DJ' -&LT%A82E&J&YF$)^U6X7Z7=_2I-MIXLV\9R75%Z\4$?@BN=










MPE*-T%U

M58X!

MAKV]NX?X'/7Q&-7;';Z&.= A/D-G_(#BK#W$1[L=AN)X%H!!I](L3

2P76EV5!(6!K:<)

Z!-\DOEE'$H1


MU$$P9=( 'X_W@W@CMULQX/0 BOMSE&
O&:X8(-


6VU#'
M\I4^RJ+

MDL'=2^-6HUVFS.J[[7N-RV]1.?;&-+H+@E+-4)W,8&2UW.:SHU2.?;&-+H+
M@E+-4)W
8&2YXQA.5DJ'#
+ UHSN?E;5E3'^4;QI2S*N)SE$G9M@)T %!*


CU#']Y]51

K\ZNZ:8T


VZ95=(R8 ;/4K
1E
CW_SLKL]@2[WA4Y]%L_B YW-18)
M5-N+$O0S0R
B_
OT
Q

M6$S&B(EXU@'IZFP^ZX#L#+7?^GJS475 &'%IB-!X:(@T1!KB%JB/8(\^@C1$
M%L9ZW

;'4ALTAPZ0


B0!0


MZ#*WN'I]I^V3+R@AKM*8A

M!)4



I]5?^AM^JD
2JF_?C\YB5/U
7EPK'_J

U1/$:*Z[D4


Q?&'SKN S2OF] ZDKKG*ZJN+XCN-NEX
M[&V (-K-VNEO8?C:)(LR


'CIHR9]''.DJ';U.A/CC1





WNJ]H[(H11Z44A1_!U
1

MZSE'$
&2^\?
D1_WCT'CH;UU%N##.\QH;W?LS77Z(
&2^\I
SDM:-;^U])AS
M



B*N(RS]2(\_\-DIG\K[W=9*%7W[Y[HD0/Z_YX?\.

M^

MW.)

MYH'&7+RX?8K:?XZ?U$C.HV658C./8\/7/58R31


)9V:_=






EN &;.V!/&Z#' <#A#<\=CFNYI
M9\Y







M;V:2 L3\#--V=L7A]R=390@9KEJ!Y'+)AE)
I
'&=%*;*)*()$75*01HM$
MS2PO@S+.TOIK/\DDT6_7KXKBHLSCTYE^#45FE




-:U1O=MHRYDQ

7$U/S^?%<_.@F#ZXE-X
M+J-9(M]/WL@\O@S*^%*^38LRGU5;#_\=Q.EO65&\33^505EM1WP_.8G3( WC
M(/D@<]VZAOY65WPZR0+O_SRW1
A?K[^^)
@SO\W2&;R]=7K(-$O_'0N9?GO


2!'B\[D4DRQ)LK]5.XGJF1+3
M7!::BBC5+\

UDOO:?VR<UP//H6+7%/&*]/'#5TR*31,<DU1@WWR\



C




1TM;MO9(_7<T;PA#[*RRRY
M5,T@CG,9Q:4X<(JG0
XTU50

R
/X
M+/




# T%AH+I6$H&3H
*US

8J
M1\X1;04
VV%MD)I&$J&_L+:%;! K*Y=@8_GHPRS/)*1R%(1B%R&LSQ7+2).
M@R(N1%*21#G&L-
BJ H9D.DS@XC9.XO/KQ!6PJ$WL-*08]D#)L-=@$BWJ



=FJ&P
B&KT%A82E&J&W& )W@*'Q((1F]!(6&I

B&KT%A00U DJ&)L-B&[!

MHK? (3$@HM%;4$A0(Z!D:#+;)V%0/BW*AR4PVB3T-BUE+HM2Y$$I1?%W
!7!
M62[EA;I:%L
P0#[
+C-IS

Q !+-!8^) 2&-

T%P
@;;$X1N'8&])H



;#



C[V2.B3/Z0$RJK?[:99$


M[6118T@
2:ZO1YI@VZSNA
]&@F-\97RU ;6*KT

S3*^
KY:(CK&5VM0J_C:

)%(:&2H=F@D*!&4
G0

MT[[;:WR**
5C;UBCP:0L%0C-!@3*'E/_?'8:7H2#\5C;UBCP:0L%0C-!@3

NP.U


M)FE$CK.TBBN3A2 719@3P%!*

FSF58
MBFPJ\Z!432'B-

8'2]F48*39C%-R3\U8Q937LH\.)--YSY*HK2^!2


M2$*_RR!ANJ8!
N'2#

MJ5!(T*F
D=&I4$C0J8Q%1Z?:@&=_Z'(#1H4Z






MO%CCJ+R?2KV]/ST3ATE6%#^*. VSPF[#,,U9102KUD+#K6%MIHS.QY3*I%

M1#J:R?3H:)M.]XZ=(4:HI*'1T(RC8D!(I*&93(^&MFD.[[CQ.9
T-!!#:RV'

I?

_FE\C-=NL=W;-[&8F@$KGVNL

-X:8766*$W:G\O*9W0^/3HI8JUIF[%&SG-91@'

M4
G0G5!(

MPU:&





=9/LWRH)0BFTSB4(K#WH\M+Q;4^P3[8M4-
M?;6^EK


















M









RR
M)LV<Q\+S?AY-?S?S95'W8B;W.566 -SG]!H.5S4K)YQ!63542;$84(X1MI$A
M@6UTX7!Y<XMKW.UUZC[53@^GUS'-C(DL(TN'*YSWM+J#0;*LN'4AO9-13S?
MV0\VBWZC9[-I$-SI! Z7.8]TS[

W


W1MA&A@2VT87#





SD&W[BF9XVNO6?];TN(7VSC7-O876RV3*U%[4*(T'-?JHQC%J/*H:
M@]% 1HUW7
U&C9*U%S5*XT&-'JH1
Q[U




^9??_\U_V
^C



2CY!_T63*]C!N#






MUQL2S9




MH-2]7\:#9]Z4
%^CH4\&N53/8.J.:R1 W@:(^V4B((B(*AGNEU7/8+J3VBU_
M9
B-^V4\;_9D]\O
PF:F_.(RG9O\(LKL*]5[S]Q!4R'A:U5S@


;3(5
M$K[6+@?(
%I1F0YD1

 +%TVI$:5##?&5$B0$54RF$67#:E1

!$01$25#*

L:]\-42/B:$5G!T




B(

$^CH4^&*YFW

ML\^-

M[I&)@ BJF1XF*QRF:S?F6 9,2@\2R8*YOLX619V=L-
IX94]$


J)*!LE4;Y0-

UM^B+HOS-0FR0IP^1&X_7[SD5A_OWDG

KV/7B/

3;R97YJ?K



M:IE_^5L4+5Z]GU[8V3*QOYS_G^LZD5S]$
^C^32.DK?S%=IUE?EU=51_+5_4
M=TDZ_?W?__C


MG-CJB.TO3S^

J3QO)U_


B)*!MEP
M*J/
A$$8TGB^G4[3Y;S(36:G-OX0G27VU
QM(=OAQ)) A00%390


M@UV:)D V1

M66SS0UHRZ-)4

 :E#T


M$[2FASDBM




(T3(!NB9!!
M?E^6+NCD0AY&R'T
MTC@!LB%*!KW\A=9!NQ 1)&^#Q*T8&1)D1)0




M] 1P:7K-O2NO^(Q0X;/C^6P0-OXP-T)S*GL(31(+0FLE/82V9^M^M]?X1$6$
MYE3V$)HD%H362GH(S=5'U-&:4PF4UAIXT%LKZ:&W_8B.@W$GU*B4B
W=@2P/
M]?S

B2C9-/@WWT#VP'/$8D'Y':J4LK@[QG2I[B*?7ZY7/

M;BQ.]++HXD1I/#@1)^+$ QIN1UW.$IT@)5-R



BZN5)M)F9@H0V)7


8E6N1(

G@&A429$24#*YQB18Y
M.F(3A]NS3I3P?#N=ILMYD9M%=!6M6L16(T^BZ31;VIFQ'Q=VGMNZ^S_1+*I2

+*(N#U;L=]&K/12
X_I:TYY7+]=$.;H[V!LSK\OV?9;&G

M\#0;2

M@78V?_)K![:;

6-%&L^O:1$E9OKW[7)DV^=H 58AL;N-&ZL-=]#]?1
^EAKW
MXAR&C&A18Z(?
3PE0P)/N8H.3^TU]:7?F:B21%2R9!5@E$Y2HZ1


3\F0P%.NHL-3S*9Q&PJS:2AR^*FMZ/#3/N=1DPECGM6@2(^YH=_E)Z7Q


M@UR:)D V1

&B= -D3)H)?*9<UA

EH#





!\'4#H=;IZ4;F=F??+Q2*Q




MGY:

F2P34J)





S(DR(@H&32SI348\F2:&A/]!&$9&1)D1)0
EN'*F2MHI(.$;&1(D!%1
M


D%!
5



W/]@V;]=A=15AYB#YB]R^PB
M*M^\_;BP\[S\Y=%\9M+BPF9FNLQ6!\%$ZXZ/AMNDJHL$Z+G3;A@\C.OF
%(O

M'#

M'GK;C^AHQ.5()T QRT4:SZ]I$27'Z?.A/UC%5L_1WGA3]%:'F(6&.^AV%QH'
MTFO[*N. 9AY:C+V-&)Z2(8&G7$6'I_:YB7D:CL/.1)4EJI(E@ZI42* J5]&A
MJGU.J0;]3JA*$E')DD%4*B00E:OH$!6C;%J#1CIIZ$J&!+IR%1VZVNL2X&!8

M9(DA0X+:)DJ&:7F5!_B#3D^5$PF2)8-E5$B0$5$R6*9Z&AJ

M(T.C(B20305T?1':$8-BGZ$T(P,3(B2@;-*(Y1(4C.!0G9R) @(Z)DD$WU
MXEEO

M





VX@H9)&ZIXWLX+FTW3RT4TOS*9
MG=KX0W266'.RB*Y67[P\9

4NCM5;$1CFK=D6=4GEB;3#I#55!$2)8,FE$A
M049$R:9RO7.8#*L?;63#(E=[40OWA0Q7Z.A3P:]5/02LBFT&A/D0@DC&HZ2
M02Y
VW %C720D(T

:#A*!KMP*N
*&M5A&SL=

W/]@V;]=A=15AYB#YB]G1?1_+=X-70CFL]
6ES8S$1Y




M #@_Q=%9G
$P3H8QRI)A\J\*6SE*CILU2J<V$J6#+92(8&M


MP34NT2)'LF1PC0H)

_;BP\]S6

.CT5#GY&AP'2AIR42'A:4:0BP.0


D%R+DC(

MWT-(-5

=)&0C0X*


M+VV2(&\3A&5D2) 143)8IF*9\; S405%A&3)H!D5$F1$E R:J5SCY%$T-23Z
M 4(R




CV4QATVG]/7V.B6AYJ 9NGR++$F
M[/CGNU_3(DJJ4UQ



.H&W6#]11#V@A?_





5M0=I'E-(UDS&CUGE/#V;\N65!Z2$$[YH])2R
M^^B'






!IV11JU$;6ZD#[5)XT%MK:2'VO:\;-P-.P.-
M2HG8W

YP8JI




0)&^#A&QD2) 143+(9DMKU T;GZY



=
M)&0C0X*
B))!-KN/T];=AH8(-1@AQFXTAN?MY2**L\ORM9GTW/R6IK
_XR19






7 FM:@D4X:NI(A@:Y


DBF


T[-W!8-]S:Q-9V;/8)L

[

6S*
KJO.CNEV

/OY
A]*(%0+^(^1H-?3+H94NK
M_NX.!
C; $9&1)D1)0,DOD+K7^.PR4Q4609

MDO(U0XH#1]A




TF1W(Z@ PK]/5B\KMS+Q?+A:)





56


MQ)1 .
30W[PTY/%222TBZ-2$J%!))4NV5U$EO=2-5
ME:3'EFIZG IR0DX.TT-.+8 X/ U&@\9'1#]DI^?L:E$B\R2-+6I3 UK&['6:
M%ZN1)H=TO+2O_5*)D$QW[.7' \U75(6)0'N+#\.Y]?V%8C:]I.BSQ?((5/(
M((Z3QH/CV@H0Q^T%M'\Z/N :,'[S-7_X31H/?FLK0/RV7[MH?](92=1*[.9.
M^K;-![LUE: V.WY&GC0FR-=/5C-[Z*(U1P'B-7V?
2OJW36UD=KS+EQ%\^/
M69KG9I&EYW%1
U*T%:NHBK9BZ-%?+-+=PQ



6'NQ\.2<
M.+D5#A&N$2)!3%3AX)KM4QR#7NV;?[C&YQ#A&B$2Q$05#J[9NF;:8T@%OT


M

MM#GR.WL@K=_N(LK*0^P!LU_6?1[IPJYV99G_=C/+X]3





M&6+6$4,P[@+!\-L#3/ ,()8, Q%#,.XP?#; T3=(:JF#,'A,,(T3UW3H
MP\$PM[#JMV4@&)\CA&F$2! 353B8IMH!J'RUS-?V#








(D2 FJG P

MYR9?GN7Q+[_9N/331BTYF8#(H/6' ?(H+7]+KB.!K6ON!ZW5C)&5'X8E)S

MB./V CH8=(82I1*YN1


M.*Y]VOX
6Q+?6V6]C4Z5*2#MM.&!WZHL/1H#.6*++8$!LZ204;MITP-O3$


MFR-\EB:S UD= .9UNGI1N9V9]\O%(K&7Y2N
$E/^\;H^147YB3?OBZA8_Y]\





J/LMI$7=ER?YXS(J?[1(








;&CR.V.#!R)-CX?GV
LV*^/]%
M19S.#VSDH&]4Q3O/U#=*/9.$PZ+@%M:X]F@TGE#P.4*81H@$
5&%@VEN895G
MGT-53*A&.$.H1H@$





M$DC*67I(:H_M;H/RL*B]%A2^BG#5D(DL)6S]+#5'M=ONYQ16+1#QFR$B*!
O+F8(U0B1(:J<%#-+:QN
MIZ]*=,(1PC3)$@)JIP

TMK%&GJTH)TPA'-,(D2 FJG PS?89L$'MVVFH
M1N\1, SC31'#,,)P,,SV!LV@,U#%1,,&XTLT\=PV;#V1 &'?A

V'CU

V



R-F
(!;.9BAB&
9=.!CFB!T?B


?M.99Y$C8^\1*]
M.3)9#*NY612QFN

6Q/?6V2]3*5




MY5$TO](H.

7<^=2M9CS4PT^[_+O%AM;U-WPAD]HBHUCC8U;\FP5O@+K7^.PR4
MQ4609





M]^5)_KB




U?
A-&@]R:RM Y



MCN2[]2?XB#9TZ+VOED?1_$JBX#SSZ'49!M3]%M*B[LN3_'$9E3]:I)F?I?^]

M%:OK_A*)H@ Z6 Y$*A;#G)[:US.Y-(WC/O:28#0GHRS[W1VMS);7]+T
^V


5.%@G.T3
MV?WR8*AR\M@U/)!-%4
Q[L)!
9S4N$-'.DH81X@$







MF9


GW^SZR6_LAI%ZO9#Y7!?NX




FT_/69K


M2YF9[^W47I[9S/24[/Z,+3S'9^\G9OR]R1Q?WE?6^QB=KQ625VUX9:Y7EC

L



_';/'\TQ/LVCY6^FX;Q4S?LPJ

84\*=(/ES.O^2
M


M[4PC9YS&BXWSN3=7FQNLS;%YI@Z/5;_&^:I?PYQGZ:5)%S:[;NN(ID7\(2[*
M4Z=7J@V 3[E$5VK

M;-4JG-A*E@RV4B&!K5Q%AZU:A1-;R9+!5BHDL)6KZ+!5JW!B*UDRV$J%!+9R
M%1VV:A5.;'7$[I@G[SH[4G=
T.N
Y G]; LS7;7)+++T0[R:_'%V94Z6JZDH



KA&A009$26#:URB

KG&)%CF2)8-K5$B0$5$RN
8E6N1(E@RN42%!1D3)X!J7


M

:#A*
M!KGLR*5N6P8)0B[M!*!?PGR-ACX9Y'+




M9)#-EM:X]E5/ N1M@),# DR(DH&R6QI,5!##HE^@)
# DR(DH&R7#9S!4T


3


UW/.BM

\LS-S


I-2CXB2*'G]J*#C_M=:6/N7%J3/0C




G@&I=HD2-9
KA&A009
M$26#:URB18Z.V-/ARCP7?3RK82XGF5U$5Y?EZWNYZAK+TC]771WIN9G9LT*V




M=M-J4'@$C1I&-!PE@UUX!
T5--)!0C8R)

=)&0C0X*
B))!
M-LC&%33204(V

M3(B2@;+\B!*VBD@X1L9$B0$5$RR ;9N()&.DC(1H8$&1$E@VR0C2MHI(.$
M;&1(D!%1
\#L



MLRMSLEQU_\3SE^8\GD?S:7F4MOS:?D0JEKC]BH$WBGA426Q=L#K$K+_






H?+=+
SRK_




ME(A


K)U^ X4-*0BPH)3S.7!R -!@B%S4F#I0TY*)
MPM.


BFO\6GR761'EN
^$BQ*YM(A=O2IBOT= G@UPJ<@D[@2HG
M7Q.$7AA1
-1

-^ST5$GYFB'.92AB1
-1

MS[?3/Y9Q?CU0X]0D-L_--
HO3+3Z\\S.9-N=6&HD*PB9)AA5!]Y/ET.!XQ
M4T.-X\]4\:(AJ-D$,R65K?VY4TY&V D(P


=)&0C0X*
B))!-KLW9OK]VML$DZ+GOS'#7(W&J+S+


MD!%1
LAF2RNHW1A(@+P-$)*1(4%&1


A<[<+(CHS&5ZZ&Q/G06-3RU!
M9^C






F2P34J)



%/#?(V&/AGL<LQKG03)VR A
M&QD29$24#+)!-JZ@D0X2LI$A049$R2 ;9.
*&ND@(1L9$F1$E RRX2:--)1C
M[I[I(UC47D[+VPV32\7T?S*7/\MF\FV/[$.4'A:1'3)\


[C^U&0&*W1Z$XHBRR=6CO+S7F6

M;830C P)
B)*!LWP0)HK:*2#A&QD2) 143+(!MFX@D8Z2
A&A@09$26#;)-
M*VBD@X1L9$B0$5$RR(:[-=)0GJ2G@YD;Q\+S'SNU\:+(36:3J+S_Y^]=^V-

MJIQ?_Y)27J@[29$2E4DLML=E*Y6
)QA7!B

MMT
;L
Y.456@LE@D5;QVMIQ1O@+F*US.9&63$B!I.:.

-)Y2
2

M)&5LI.&$DA%).:.

M^ QX]FALUW!AHDL]^'(Q\144$_M3D:A5LVL/HU*;4G(O\3OX
?#4?9-?YY=S
M.10EN98\2]%C;9.LS-EY*T1ESOK
/67.^GI?3UFU7DF@


_8V^NI0NRSE3)EJJ3A
MA#)5?66=


M

&2II.*$
55]9IPP5U9G4:#93

 W0C!(?@X&GIL4#AFN%?_ I4)(

9==.

MG[&KJ X\+=-ZX+X<J_04SECYLE?\4I2K%S%S[-V9?Y-5JX2UC'S8^RINSCR
M7


M7P)\? 7S39&T%:UI!_6KYUC4XM2D)


CTOY21V)F@X6(?*X2=BOWO7X:_#$S@.$B)PEUZ^/=.




M$:(TO1SRHW1=SW2=RF(HG7A2.O%X3@TDZ=JAPGC))F65RM7N@+4[WK14X8'J
M-9:H7F.P]+WUP-L /RGK

S0?K=#&#K]E5%VQ#=_4Y




D3MY0<2<L9



4=1FK%DRR<469%Z7$E&CTE#/*O*A[S'UA
MC=2I(R--)Q0

RJFZ0MK

M/ 1U3Z OK)%:D)2QD8832D8DY8PR-LK8](4U4@N2



K/



2AQ^&AAF:+_;H0U4[QIY
MV,K)XZV $&L_*_^L[M?S7DWLD[7_I8W1:5C2FL:7%EG\Y&R2G[U%O6*?M$

D^R

MS!
%.S5]JL(GV9@BOXPI0R4-)Y2AZBOKE*&BBJ.4H9*.*3PK?H37W0F=S82#
M^^HY5D
C]ULIJ7M&JX)$<'J6_XJ:VVD\BNDX<29JC3Y.:
:
M__6)6TJ.I.6


MR

?)J/)-68R/*CL[6\XH


BX\$YQ*D
Y6D)2QD8832D8DY8PR
M-LK8](4U4@N2

MPK-P0_74X



M4@N2

MPPDE(Y)R1AD;=58C



6/40KI@GJ/!E36+X%6?Z4U2H

MK*]7[I15ZY4$*O


4/9Z5/GWIUZ*-+F?2

MU9![)^]\S1?





FXK63E+TSK$=

MKJJR
44U ^H-JZ[+RET^#%X!I
.%
*)601O@VYXE1[F9JLOM666GJLOM
_=4

VEE*GC)K4K-'F;63


M

7)5?P\:U?FWV3E*F'=


M+ZK8UFW-U'^$!@3O\)1EOS

MUT?@F_#/QAO\]

/%_C!RMX
;.N_?[G]!^3
6!O]
C#AXN GG\#ROW^Y1K_5

B

M\

M?5I/^D?#
^]Q[MH#\CNX2?#?4M]^MYV[76TQF!+
M*XS?'C7]VQ$7 DH;03.71KC9PTTXV&+TRX0G-OFL;*O4M_ECCO3)J#P]]


T4JJW$.L0?+;?



MRN3;\'YX0P(3O7TN1&=$X

CM8T+@X K%1
9]









MMF\-_HP
/P0^.I-&3WR(_X2

/5






W# D
MB(LDW=]H!UX


0RG!'%7'8:HMB\6RIU(XALR
M7SW
&\J

[SR-

;F 3G7_V0?YE

HAR))#Y&\+




!GXBOVY2$;7YW@$#D:Y78HV^O#7_[#-[B
J;E
DGG
M8S#SB0$[U#G/2
L$A$J]& ^N@/()!70'1^-[YRWSW/D@A=/D%AIUH!-6^S


M*')X37 IRX8L^
0F





M3@TMY/$;9&O#

'J/?0UNFV--QF=


M%)Q



IGPBJ58UG:CC68$H
*-#C/*<J3!.)

++*'


M#9Y# 6Z!K)O5IXR'QO4J0)^ U+;E EFQ)(.)


R\A
_<7
F8['V3#AM8
2KM*==0EZRX((J22T7+7:\]]#CWS.PX-01S2*33S


M6KLY03C0*0S:






-6!D]
ZG.'

J<'^@'-#TC2!/IZ*]&ORF(C#_\CC$A9(
MFBO0)D.1R<I6 1R :244*O'L#0'T_.9R/081$$2CUW^L+PJ%;-[Y%KO5_


O:RC!VEBDARE6@+6V




MW

/:SF%E/
UB1T%L.G&J1N#X

M=/+ I\6SM?*;MG=?;DL!XH!
[




%V)/.$K$6ON9M-5HC9
M\\KS0W0G&66$DNP0KM!'1*T(]Y]\V6[2/5C@FL+M
 7MX4$U47O;J\.1($?G Y$K?V3W14@=PJ[/6LG;ZY











M]QY'C
'O?CKNJIR32NN037+10.4R&%?
T3B-IY/\34GB%=\;Y@JZSG#[80V3

MXPCD:G


MU%8MDXR38ZG#IX%[EI\F3EQU33*1C:EZGH: T317 4E. 
&9+6W).\W:)SD9

(**


M]'.ZJXRS]G#AZ&1JDZ&X38U=/

MT0)6!
YN!P9%GV?S/=VB1.#'=F)TM'GVT*U;G 3YKR(
TRQWBM M=!SON(_G
MN5J+IK15A4.WQU ()TB

M51;'93K*M6RNII
5$X*#Y Z



13H236]Y37NMK#A6?/I@D:
M9-19=JZRAZYDED!?Y* 3@/=R@Z^G1N+7)O8;K$2XSHV-2A:KB-*MR@)S&$V
M
U2V1J[.W<BWWY5/65G;F[



2XF3D?JSDL\V_Z
MO::WNG

MP+



O+S6*)!]H^&ELTU#4W&WA6.9J MHYLHF6W8O'WTZZ1Y\35
MR3R;8B-9XZ?UQO&V .R\^





M&+ U(LA/32-;64-J*CN7




O;6 ]^M[N


4(_^?D@&9\

MLBR2B






'PKI7@X7I2:ZF65&C7K:4I$97-EVH

M]L_P-?-TF$H++])?3[M$G@Y+_=X@66*FN_J\LKDO+8KCW
R$XN^G72-'VP[#

MI/5

MMUEI0

-5T3@!I*F=T;
M/^UUM'X$/EQK:+R!A^7-X31IWVMFIPY?O2OO5C_N2$I]H2V-=NG 9K0=
M

M_2]H\2Q4B[6T#6R:QY^1#=^*2@^/VAO^+4('\SDG$


NBD[C[GOJ%CYE06@'$FYS#K


I
M.K;M!0






M*Z(:,LK,2:/\(5^-2(B;BR/&R-2LO 6\!#1/_C0@J/@(AH2JQ-Q )2HW\/
MKTZ]



L6CH6(QM;9&LLV







MMUS\[+EO2'C1$G&J.&921MF
6NZ+*=95-VZK2::Z9EWH-S!(N#8V=F@XGU$N



M:.9

MU





MI?9?!?]JA




_:X1



M=L\M2OA1*2(^JN3AAPN]_I6]P0&OBLTL8'\&;X;SR0WQKI&V#\PPKNBTXA]_
MCPS?0#

M&2!$098V&A[I$Y1YSKH=)



-TC8G8@RXH



FD:4;7CT/1

5I5D\@O/G8 
++2NHPNME

74E]
M^DH4R:@645N_JB]$KN:.F=@
:K!,8E*FQ(-$ !=3P4(4$KC8YI_LMU4(@,NB6?\%2$A!I4#

QT$)TL!;QW$&C0MS%(&B;$.5?70RG5($@.44=#^ M_ *
-D/QB

6#
MC1.A

M7N =15^HO'U@QGT]$9!H(;[G[-FX8_:'U%'U#QOR^Q7L3^ MA.7:^ [!1-7R



[7:7N'ZR

MU.CP7] 0 

M&#T
HN*#A$G0XOAARH1 &
3V$FLS2( _+:IM4RD@C5$4X$IW(ZR=HBC6?^6-
M(NHCU&.)?92K!\L0=?1/M^$OP?0K
Q%N;!YT

JG\8(-[L

#J7D
\B&8
-.H1.;MX7

D:

3'B!




M-R!V2:V&!FIB2+_)H12-86D)?0H@ONGKI*+$[?V3V#AB\)I)HK3N3*WI-QC
M.$\U7ZNCH0G-1%$U5SZ+I1DE6Q^6:(R,;YBI'4T4^S;D[FX^3LSFWQY'L_LB
MDM)++/DSC5!8J4-O







XE3/
MSFQJ1C/)[2%

MS:1.HA



;F]-
.A+^


MP&7%@D&HF:LTW8-0E[
KCU*4-;5YTZF
M&!3WDXJ@\_D[:GN.@TG@%@L!


M?C&DX_F(*Z8%1/-%%5K7);!1*?;A6W!41+4+:JC?BB6D!T07(W.03!)[
F

CPU9Z7VV
*-LC=89%ZY7EO!



%FIN
#-$$Y$X0&U5TR@1F=5IB$Z4$)K4:8DO I'IT2)B$
M(R@T$&8I;IS/B:DI5-D4
E4N#C+UIKSH5-DK


M#&74^R]Y6.(U7SC2W1QX5B ]SBIJ;F2W@*;(D(E)=^2Z8_0)39&Q#YL3
90(





MFF8BM


M+#8./NNI2NW.I^ZK

!ZI
)?








ZLZ'9YKLKOV 7A1@.NCN.NB$D7U[#IQ;3?KS

*1+XS

1^=%
MF:.:JZKTZ

RG:01S-JJ8T^

$Q*9

4Q
MZ
JDJ29M=LNB8EBKA2*35N-1DFE%)UV7
Q$0-3+IJ_%9U*9-!(1W;(6;IU[@
,\A#)1


MR4(^&C)O8'*Q@763NL\.I#XQF3OJ*8@.U9E:*T^6,$-8[]#)\GTUNS%P0?



V$Q U!LRV; 4Y7
!
0/A%+
A/#.

MMFB4LZ


M
V




/RVO/-=Y\X];SK*K+


M**KIU






UR
MG@B!Z6@VG$
(AF(0(

MQ?%K0V




=-)6


M1=2W_*##I0\O-/UB.*X\3Z(!1QC235U8L4C77!%

6
M:(?J
_EQ:^P9B[=\

MV8_^^1/X



09A&%2V8S@*2K0G/<LG#IA5IDLF!$J9S4NEO\NQ^/MX%W

M#U%




_JDAO)(%S^&+'=,:V=
M<B$,)$$]^ZM!8KH-J/.Y7DI00H;CTTH5(94QG(_K#V9R)#7H)4*0;I10=F9
MZ:(A('!]A5@J*BU$'_Q187@7$,(*O27B/F\@S\=]L$UW#A.!P$QPU*[4K
M0*CWGS&:&,EOQ1]FZW%1G_QI2OZ(9#2H&!7!U).')R#Q(0$(PBPB)%=VNI$'
M;5P?%N-4L2) X()V)!)0A[: 



F)+H_%Q!DJ'








R/&?!56QXTAQ

M+6]M(L1_YA$'?208G^;QMH#IMUQ44U_S%R*&W#979+U%L^6 X&2R2V5XMAHF
MR(TF\O%*].X3


:P3W4T2C

O)5Y=719FZT5/4%O7 89=70MFVH:=8(C=&

%
7.((*QS(*

M'\?:S+3Q/NVN)[XM8#MNI





M)8?8P^5!
M\.EGDK9/DUDWV(*%S''NBF-^#31KK!M4P705892-?QNML7+X-O
U@&SJK&R)

1!6F:^MF-@K?
M?F6I4Z(/8X103V.L(H2)$MKU[W
M
!1T(@M8=^[^+SA9=6&U4$$J7R(ML8_P
M-?!__VXX$7A80AN7^3M.
D?7(M=JL_E*TY0? GI:\UPY[9 V5LDYS'3+8B*I
MT$973BD/GS(5LU1KXR5L)#73D:D)8T/7NPS+ V1N**S'7E-#]:+9.+7.B7

MLZ.WG@_L-_?33W.%$J?7\)6^858=;V?O?:7HG^T-0@TEV4.P_5

4

% [@+^?XL5?YPDLYZJX]%X2&ORUG+M$H
MMPIPU7PR0%FZ-NF'6X9F!J%_OT?Z*K-J)5)22P<95H*EL38JNY^0']=_%A
M8+@6_D]QE4

AC.[T; PE*$T
O?D(?7$DN)QH0UH;AKEA)-[ZHF\-KS
M749FO@:K7WY;M

5EX9ORS


















J=N1
B!V$)PAU+!#D\NTS8E










MA!=-/%R-#$U


M%-/NFTX6V6N^K#217./UW
ZZ




M1OS)F_%(I/)]&8=BC)G/M6@CY]*L!4D RW;R?^TT7X;3C[-N)!*=3 9J%
M9'A]2S'A6(1F$='(?#;41,B1B/;EL^E8A$S4=MGXO\8$4B\U$/
F8S#^!VX
M\$$'S3NTUK9K!Z$?U[_LVNWC:R?IQ]9%PD!?++)5P&3$-06DA0P*T]X=C?
9
MAC8 (1DPWQ00-M]R


MK-BS4$?25+J3/9L]N2L@#JG[W0Z^]OR-!_?N?N?B5H=D1'DG^W
.6W
MQY-\S?!QV60$<:E5X97,'B^&C0D25*7F+G.SYFFI*=RZG7;:6IMGK_#0DL/
MEQ
$<\,@0:[D&GI:1%29

Z:;LX8




!@1D$80T963%)^U?HL:578O_O[RK?W+;-MK_B?M




P:P9PV?!QHA#3-]8%X


M)N$OC 

M DLL2=RCLO=%84DX$V.PQ/+%71N&R^80W(_!.NZQ'OPC^E7C.QU(JV!G@-$
M$!S,X7_GQB2F?G8(0Z$;S%+Y\8D=G9:NE#S).-='/SSM_DFR5?RZ[]]
!



M:H/] O(/X@T\X/
[H5RM+Y.R?
3?_B7)NFUFPCD
PI?'1AUH_1;[*76*3EIU




 _


M2V\RU#YV&E=@PI_#8:DC3G@
7?/@D$-NUN5BX!\/K_I$8-SMHKUT ^U2FPS
MY;BGL(]%EOSC/PU:=$=HQDVA%X5A/Y;;CG5J_&;=!_K1,NR[3_-P&'?EMZ\'
MX4?Y=WH\?%#OQ\88$+9D^Y?)8_D7I
T'5BMRAU:_Y F-_@00.1-QRKG
&1J


.

MQ*P\9:YJVU$JX3/9'H/X?0A5FWKP3Y2MW^'?QDO13T5-$BP_W+Y)JVU1)=GW
M9;';THHZRDE\!FMD)[K

#=./74N_(
V;+IIG](ZU5&B;GW+D;]TJ9;M!I9<CA)PZU=^WZ9(WDP4F@[^2[V7=_W
MEWV/Y2QUJJ


_'RZNU3W%T&0XD/X)U28+*Z

;EVU.=
MO2&*.2

M[]!)TFND@WO^T V:JWHY#B@_JH=B-D0]+/
81X\)9X56JZI*4(@U<)Y


M^.AUKO'Q4._'
62




/ C-=0_8DPI%&)S

MM3\H8
&^1K=%B=KGKI.O6

G!+]QO
M0Z]1CDYS'2#:&
#&1)?+?J!P  4W5%-CH[9'T2E#038W1LHXXLV&S+%.F!8\
M=3WZ/^YYLZ0@JF!5NK*7X,P^/HB:-TZ[(#BOQ40#YK









..%3&'5T
%!
M
!N^L<1!
M#3TLQ *N\41JT.]_9K2DJXG9S?
A[HWYNG=H6'




M+=UN6R)IK(K$9J@'[2U/\C4-E1Y$SR!5[G

M_G [QRN:.C0M6B_D&- QZ(7+14VL%LCL*2H7=5ND(6#\Y@QWGRI#58%MN5
MVINTL:UZ5V+AO=Y5:8ZP5W$B _4Q9L&3 ^4P3N.2$H26D+/8[B0KB8% !F/E

;MV^[
T.N9!:@ED5A0AN&ST$&^IDDZ

2ABH UUDC%XY=#-

HQ
PHGZ;N\TG([Z[






]C(2:'&&(/GN@L79//)JJ+;$:HB6?FB7/#9Z#^

M3C_


MA.3% )8W#]&&$+++BKU\'M3V$$T

M8RH+Z^PU+Q#]#$7NGYN@M;2#E/[$P;4WJA5+ 9W*Z0X\W04O)C6JMV)\M^

RAN!AZZ%$5MP558.
M?LR5EM!8ZB8


]L*FR *GI#C
M_DG&Q#1P6T
31%'?@&IE8J8 S8TV8^_@.53#V%J:($KZ!RH$*%:)8$
T152E

MU_M#'(E7OOVZ1:O]OW]$]TF:XT?LKDAF^
DG[R=)#XT\\+'QND3HG\6N0J3A
M

MO^[PU]\^X/^[?MRB[J3T_OPT%Q'&


]PQ+^1&3IA94



W

MC)CL(9YM_GRY^?MZ4V;97V^+HLZ+&OV0YI^MKQG^_[^618;^_MVFKK=_??GR

'O]L_7&-S?O\-SB?(U6G_7O/WX_JQ8G3R&


BI^?IM6=SW)V__2\7I7+R44!:7K2SN
MJ+)H NVJ NVQ07LF@/;4@/9)G@X-&G\
MRS80

M


#5\9W;YO[_




MZ@YM[9ZAY!BA5V9?6Y[T@R&)GIRFL@ZY)./S^XR/0TWOQ8YS;RL0F@A\]M
MDC
=L$$')H .5
TTZ[!*/C8!]/ Q2'*F(S;HR 30D:J9CMF@8Q- QXIF.F1[

M_6C\O*\'=*3J:!FQHO'D8Q- #T?CY=0[8N_3D0G[=*3J:!FQ]^G(A'TZ&MZG

MT#$[)A&;$).(AV
2DJ#9#EYL@H
7#SMXDJ#9@9C8A$!


8L

?##KX4:=D*CW^&$[I0REOVZRZ79M
M#E^3W7=


?5*;W



M;BQBORT]&4)5IZOJ8$YOBB_6O_#V4UD_7WRZL-#7Q0]7QQR]ZX(81\.#:OW8
C,F*=X1LR6Z:JR'8B9M0(?VR %4:#42-9T,RHD3-Q+<AEA9E5)#^74HH

SU[X;7[P9?OCAGJ$

Q@W?X8Q


CBH6JG9!K=MB8R[@0X\QEW6


9G
M9!&.9F*4I
$A !G.% %C0[<#&1$

Q_C]%V7XW:2P.;XC[L-_JD40@OVQ2_/\'PR#FEE@5MJ<





X]F_L31C
N2H5)YCI9

D=^E
M-QDY 52&!9#]D2.G5(J*SSYR^B;DH/LCQQ1)T$Q7RS?AF.*/'%.D0 =+Y@:
M/X8S6ZADI*/9)JL5RD@/


MH9NR80!LZ64H\QWF/73ELJP7SF_H

M0V6:$6?GT$OVP
#8
J=6N_M#+/66

M8^MRA1FU(],F%0N5\!FO@E,8+X)AIEO)$&SF6\$YAO@F'F&UG0[)-/:$5
MV7$0\*#9CJ,)=#_!,-W/R)\]J%)S@?[]#)1Z0)]/#I11(TV_TQH?PD&X_


W


C
Q+GAS
M9.U]6W/C.)+N^XDX_P&G'C9ZXI3+E[I
5VWW;


9:



M.+-AO'
8CE:Y IG7/I5+YM_0-?



_X0%.=I^DZ[ Y?.:$V[^^FK/UQH%5SK6RH?#5U[NK
MI@;&
98_SI-H9^ EK
7

MIGYO)QW1-@_F=I1D;J:%G6LP-FA8LI9=;WH::R3@JKB?KICZ+
W$]46EBV

O&^].2 3_Y285-0G(D
M0Z_=%+#S0+[[W+'_%-1

M+V:_75S



MHS )Q0-AJ4^N7.



82//8Q736UUYDSX_:/J
J2D]IO1(2'#0YR[FHUJ


M&)O3I\JY

MD
QN\;97@LU-!4U:4YW




M5=H2


?$A1'J7[:ZOH[O1



^0'@7K)E= Y4#-F=


S=
 #D
M2QE4^U?=09@[4#]HK N-[3*.-ZAJTJWN[\OJ=OA
GS.+0MV:SE#'I&;=M6?*
MHC HN'L%M_W&=R)D@H+N\3- 81@$GC?31EN4[$C*A).2J
CZG!P#3@YQB&D%
MO8S! V


M.9V5Q*9A]
EX!#F%BG_A8.CR4/O]7M,E8!I3+%1U
]5!6C*A3W=#*CYT

.-)=GFF4;PXJ
M44
$?@[1OL^:N:QV [U971
*2D(OFV4N&_2^STG^C2N8
E

G9<*S$\8I8(]<G7-[
W).*+)(RIXL@:AN&4






MJP%-!T?3F&ZX3YUK1CT


M79%R
*#KT.@J]YOM ZKV%$U8

;U_MW$C8S .(@@(B38X=;]M.%NC%0N[YN]$BE[4W%-\:7*XQQ
LY&5<[%\]#\8QUTLEA/N8!*\9;#.J#U@C,3@'4/<R;U
M=\BY2@*.),MN\0O9QPCA6  224!$9+:7FX+ \4(3]TD@I!(DM(;((=/Y*5^


MW(WG:Z9N[

MYS




T@.^T[ :W0G-D




$:0LS '*/)&(N:4]83L

]E(R(TR8R.5\J_X=@\FQ=&6=;ZL]
M%1.F=\[MI'NPF3'KB2CY_TV_$GBQ@9H[.WVPMP;&2-@=.\&?A,KQN@2VY.P
M4!5GG252R1KU5!L.


MQ]P\T^6'JPA?


C$M'N7-<$<B]DC(WX#4?;;TE%7Z!=A:





@#=.HXC7S=AP6FRKDCBWK4=2T




M!K6)1)*&2-(2B9H*

NZY:HW0;8



M[OCEF&XV'&16?\-?0K@A!^$#%GXW2DW^ROMG.+S.Z5/^

MY25A$/ZZF2ZB-#A0+;R)=8(76MD3_L#A[5?$4'7[-=7AZ'M@[_OGJZEP[_

]1D]]Q_18[+.S;
YYC$)J0S:=P[




@Y@S-I=A=N[B

M*N_0 [;_:;5%



M


OD%^IYU%H%\(GY7JVL34OW3
@[OG'%-^Y9

9F5[)N Y]7U8 TG&OG_AU@J6

\TJ/OMZHWZ9

//K:17*OWT@2_#!RG\+4V5WM9W9YUP(1YEN3*V3U=(%$OT1?&
M4\Z8?. 64P$-WU;P12=?
V9E8=X5QH0\
!&DX1!=4NQ99QDU?BLYKKCCM 4J

MZ=I@C4HV;,Y\URZ[G=G*VZIA E?.:Y?KV0;6KT3-A;9[MV W\%ZRM.1;V8

 0@%D-J?L

MO5/')S^CU2.W27JIHHNSKDS/!
+.'CW2+9K^OP&C%3(9B_5





I[B9]%)ZFSX


\)@S*O7G?34B

M5
PD5B-7HZ(]$^^KD
QREP(OP ;&8TL\3ACC35CT(TP%#4A$_^4XS$ 5&CM0



MUU$XQAVVE6XMM:^9G?PW@60_^-Q!F0!HR7#/4SNZUI\!#U=BNW?(+O1ZU4UC

62/?O.:XU4&+MV

O$S59HFZ


PW

)G)YG'X=CK]8G]@QX8BX8&&G















H21ER N'?L@8/L%\#G.INUK -O7$;UONO2^XY+DYOE05Z]CW\

RPOY\YT?  #F

#$W
3(S

VDG^_JOL?=-Z7W;KS





_NW_A;(+X


\;Y9RN*EI^/HE4(!


&.6=


5
MHN
P1%%X$5

[$MT[
M-)HNP41O2.CX7RB)-PK2R5+6+.AU\ 3#$/IZAZ3$V/V=9B9GR$7XR7GP40C#


U?R

MWSNO;&\$AN 3&B/O!CL/V


C\

U-KQ[R%.
LOZSR5)(QM]TI[G
F601XVBE)
ZVM


DC-=K3NT81VB=_7Y)R5J&O90-4C$5A





N!ZM13-FR

D-Y=Y $[NZ$Z$AK)\9 @

Q-&%$)34FK]I(UH
M#27-@HGJY5D'AE[NN.D'HN,QF?'%PP%(_Y^ N419WRE%UL#UM22F3* %




N5UGS7T86-*PR]M:$]HSEC6NGJVEILTN
*GQSZTM-Y44NRJ4LK76

9H0ZX-!Y7 O5F6\$$]%V#HYO%#B#WL4
'F#/(T

.3M
MHJUY%RF#*Z@F;?9#6W
N.G!LY9$II5J&%+N

M52VL.PJ:H.2?UX'(C6K) A6E$?27\^RQE5YMR9H(E%YQ:2>XV C&!
1SB ,E%:]4TM+\UX5!T#MKK,4<8.
[F-0=A@H*?]ST45D5X



PI%S3Y=9D
ML&H3I6WD+0V#R'?W?H\
58
)OTT.]O$D)JUI8MN1E*WG@&$PG4;H@C%$2*
M4#%HA.Y(A+*37U7;LTNC%PNJJAPBU'JPH3?


MZ3]F84$.
ZF
MJJ1JLJ3H]ENAHP(!Z6Z&K2WS:HF;G$&PMOY+CW8)[Q:VEHEIPDW8W;U+*RC

MZ XCD0

+ST3I'::163(W48Y_:=(B76




M[3PI+/R.56Q_)F:J+K$JME J+A0C-HSMMXE9W8^V!V%$8_ZZ
BL7)H\4'
 O



^L+YV7;XER![=*?:S^#

M7IT8%0!(\[39&@6VA$-@)=J:)VB)3)6=M346; E'Z69I:SC8WH:4^SNV!H;=


G;&PF^6!B_VD'GNZW


WH!

/?O;P4_XR'4L;R#83:#%
)01O

M:
K?'I-GFVWK:W!X;88_ VB[.[3&2]2)M/8\60$I?1&+K

MI'\T
S&




ME14[O:ZS)F

#8Q=!YHE+PXP.+%)+%7H
MH3C T







M3%H-TR

M#R2.&@JO[WW8*=2#\6Y&'



MXN;%;3;Y8.7OF36?(_J$DPJSI%0\V5
E_0]M+ P4NB\.AM7.VU89Q:M\W&
M9 Z6
B!ZNIS0!4Q$EY;8?%-W(



MG[:7J(KFP#S#!M%K Y6=2;

M1FL8!PL-O$JU%=ZEE9RGIA3YGP1;E B3TNS-
@/([-\TF#L^FB[/XQ!47:XO

M9&L


VCZ3ZSW75R
MNG4Y%(@/0UQ%MT.%^F $5G$]5*@/16 U]T.)_&!$5G!!%(@/0UP%-T26\C $

M^YCJAZD8
=A:LM=A*%J5

39UGMD]34 1?)9


:

WWM5[
S!LJ8DGX\N)%8SQ?:1(4E;:?-UB-@)8AJ5ZVMQ[RMS$&#_M1K
SYJVTIWAI*W9!9DAC:$\J<4YN@Q\955ZFI;C3$

W0$PHD2Z)V?ZB9S3GR



M7W*/(




MW$4JR4' +8I6QM$(W(S9YM7EW:/B:@[$+_(12&]8SE&W-C;659[T!6[36V




+S/U
LPC-G=/'5YFHGIW'45UW!' QG2O.ER
M.SI_$%E%W][2,*AEH.E;-E@9MZJO:73SSY:H@R:]E'AD7H] .H()B(ZZ[:F


*&8W=8;*1T= )68
Y'3+:5
WH UKDO8:K+?



M5E;D@*I6V)45%_UPPOA] !;_]O]02P
$%     @ A4!43+Z%B#@U;P  B?$(
M !0   !T:'
M
C Q-S$R

MK0?;;4_

M_[';8\MB(C

MSRCV?/^G__D__L__X^__U\\_O[J\NG]UYB7^






MCHY_/3[)=]]_/6#Z2]0RWV0F8I\7)E428;PB:8P7A
SCS.+O*+S.^*J2V&
(




A ?%0(]WL?FMX5V2Z<I0F[1;/H&@'''YL8Q.O2##'


\AU.

15R&*(F]'<!O2DXQ(Y]\L(K(6\[ =C#2KE434_C'



)JTW






M2T$VX-/P
3!\22)


R&_WG4!DMN: XL.M-JI%X%&B?7(/)A8L<1)



/*!T$L6\R:J@:Y^&DB

M3N1

Y;_L.+]+Y(_$[O1%Y(KB!
4JK!=-K\J0
MQB#60'KCM0E5#2 .I&)+S3&7BO0J5&WUF7:X#A


W_&8FXK

MOJ

MX1 F'

MXQ5ENC?7H2:2S]Z:RB78W\L*[K#1&82.*O2CG]?I9^;=1EN.FUPJT
]QUF

M

M^.O3'7XA,$U/\3(I($+?1RW;8ZX4^!*61X1&2
IU1PB.B!_S6
G[#G+WQZ
MEX!WQVPF


MHVI02GMK&

[7$L]2Y*\JF9:])^S RG4M6(
M@:#51Z&03LR;D 9NC/3C1X[0

M\&(@J6@=INU-C6ES.\EFQ.74%9#D/2^=3LV9T6&W(+?C[4(=45UMFH2KSLEF
MQ$95UY)(X_U7I4]J.VGBL^4RPDMJA'=]]*]#CW70GY_%
?%\5@_
1-I[M5(E

N_-\QT]OA&<2Q<

'OX



MP&[& @HP7C((H#HCC9];R7-6Y@*^K01$!LV^C?[?E4.93GSF9V0OH(-+AMM(


Y!U1P





?(6U&_
M($GB;C




._TT:BZ+AJQ0QPE*+T&[(#C

!

MS^G(
1UUV^TR9NT&_UA11[9P8G'D/^/X.HGO
#W 4[DV6+I'U#QC5VD0[.UF
PJ2/2MKP/8\85

;68@UR



Z?X[&=?FC4R.HX
MP'IP_/&H.C:J@W8X(G=4 '7=V*R7!UQNQ^9Q /-+
8X 03G&PN=9A 0OTY5K=!AD8#ML-






/I*#5<:W/@+
MT%3*T;

M7^+'!(0LE*!F4: O)&%U=QMH)KF91B^S05?3FH3W?&^=9^,C%+8-4'LEWI


_6%A!'V
MTBB+ZA9\P)$Q8CHC$.+/DY[$@$)]1%0,_ 9_?#7Z1J^%?8^-
TFO4.HL5G]
MT#2TB-W9X$Q6/K/!(AB+QC\R'C!8/Z4)CN[)(OF.(KQWI8'K5I*@:1!LA.;X
M'GL1AB[15_;8/@+6F-5=BO?FEXTU&*2-4M4!YD3'Z_\)P6^A61Z[K$G]&_


-N
M?+]1*[




MO5A2C3 [RM7@M(73H(;#Y#8OH1K[$JC#(7#IG3X*=&P .20)5\@+N1N7P$'\
M(2$GHF&B#A\'





JKU5[
TWDY+HP7LQ%4U.0W*$#N%]\!?FA+K

7 4


MY

M7B/U@Z$
V.E=VB+PQ2NF8U@(ABE)-O?LU



]9Z AQ@]%T
M+7XH8ME\RR$_7/(#^PZC@$$K/]&E04\21 S?$']&D9[0\YQ7!I*RGC=^T$
#WOQ%<

MRR1G
& 


M-&L6V89H1?/ EEZ/X7

0P^Y_1

M\ID-%J%!P-)'TV
.+^)1C6S(-8J^J;);^=;XH@F3&4/SM^Q;:_R\D039L/




MA\D===YN[*

BU!ORDG=H3(0


M%7P[UA
!(G@G&X58&JZUAM#CQVI648WB(W=F7Z'#NG#9C=7BIDD@-(XN
MG--VJD6X/4!=(=2O3IN?-J&J8$8NE)

+D=\[

M=I/OM BD*K\*!;@9FNFB@+9*OD+T-]*6T4XAZL6*.3W4A%V@*-JP[NV9+9\M

'\XU-O0.WT8!_E!K-N$)U*N$2
[[S



\R@













C:TX2W7@6?(UNDTC/D%D/_CU@*:G.Z]@8S;4WI!0S$]



M&*

%MZ_
M

'L!B5U02G2:P!#

MF

M=






MA_+'J_M;Z=J
#D9+FPCJ4


VNCZ.*TU/(50A\/UCQWK=4L5'#B9$LV




:W: -]-:7ZG6DFZ:$[
*?@.;ZO(&S^3

MUR9M;2B'R^:TU07)=A EXT(ZF=Y5$O(@)
F%=#('JW =J(9^N7Q.HCM4Y*O$

H=MR4(NL=

M)0

MYVB@%*T&I#^C)






M/*V7G4TQ)^0=9AX\Y4*[F+*P,/?C[79+UMYMD?/]%[/CVD253N.0)\U1%$
M4VIB8NS]LB3/]*;ALSEYP_[ A'E3F@KZHS\_A@DH


M-C#

M='.N%_%=Z
7MGFO*UJT6SE\(?2K=*=!^K4K10LY(=0J$NG/U*%+
3X^Y[&V%
MJPC_)\6AMYDM\J(MWZ.

!Q+WTQC
M L1.@%A7 ;$3NG1E[X0=.F0'V*;P* 3&'0@TY@T D

M;0]CT$^GLVR*T


M2K%C!L/M_C]Z





MQY +*7O#


MYYLDA&









*T[;=_1TMHQP%G(T SSL-)QS

UGBZ(_&?$W*FR'PU
M%S20L
;Z-?6$\[-#G?=]&M:89VMZMK@@81(A#X@1::)AC?FS9QS1Y7OE_\#S
M\J94$Z.9FI1 


)*

H)$)-#*!1B2R[:)-

S
MQ\!?9HD?
[FT[F
ZEU#K()+9R$29L1)#D
A$(PGC$7IO13=CM*$*_?B?U'_*


@; &Q-#):&& H#G)^$
DCSX6PG-X+2*.#PH

M*
+S*S]$] *1WR_
.-[*0SGG;\
E



=V?IOO3=']JO3\U[A_'[DPBK$:;&2'F#.1P

UI1V12\UOLN.IW&RX[G!1I1/?=B[M]PGQOJWR

P*_6'-VT54C.=6RD/?HF@6
MY?TH?D=!RHI;
V[4A6FF:%6P7*=G:;*B^_JO[K-3IF3\
HL17?:;;/1


4#*E+P(D%=+0.)@.



MP).:*%AB_&L8/V'/7_A8X8$B 1%;RV?'@O*RJ1* !9]NL[(R?!XAZL[LW-6L

M? RY@(@QL=8;_ 

MAB--*R*?ORDWAG--8T$&5\P8SCU0M0T7?4P'G[ 

MB&T%B5SJ
7D]LG6E7/HQG(BB.=]W^X[E*_4MEJ^?4X
\9VD/'




P


MZ-V1N4J'_PPKG]4P$$PR?:QWXDVS^\

G0&TC\T$3!]&RBO$



+[I7WMUWJ??;_TR\!=A.NH1_RTU+;O145E!3F)LK9R5R92
M(12N*:?MK&E-R0;








MJYPKY^)@#D!YCTJ^8:;!P1U75[L[9%^+\CPYKMP:?\?N:JP9WK3*6'P[;YE^

L(-]\WLZ6I-M^4=]88-BI;8ZL(






MWRMXRN=-^;PIGS?E\Z9\WI3/F_)Y4SZ/2'LN8TGF:6Q$)/)7Q]*0R&Z:#WYG

MSW1Q
0\?IGGH#5+!.V=)3T+_97.MF!YSQ73*0[N%BM(BF5(M41FG]]B
T[O#




L5D)&'&].+


MF#94HE.VN7(BNF5-:+.7AD-^J=DAZPK7D&N!'#WC[T-X 8IC?^%[F4[9YA?.


M2T]4IY
'/R3P#H.
611:?QS#KT
MI#<8PH'@3E<VF%Y@-0J1?WS&3HSZ8/6W3CP337NK&
D)V+)G0290JF]AU)K

L2_W29Q5#&4 ?UH._PP!:)?&2



M4^CCCR?
7A:[2A
N!5W981+YC^DV\?TCN:*HN!?&(&B:5J&,QS$..1QKW/-
M61SCYS()/4E.XMT(&Y=7/;_


M[5][*8&GR8&$;13!-E^WJA
 %U:)O&&1L_T7SMG_L&CD
PK880F734S'L!!7



MB^F

AF]4/3QIL%
.!
5CZS

?5EXC@+U*)EA*Y8RA-VE  (&E;D;O S




M.UW



?U


*JPD

M9HP3(^J2_R$HJR;[#WE#U^'3)TH=_6_AG[6X'/'D?(L:1\6)O4%'290=;W
M/[XG:;+*$[H-F?O]





F3M^7 0XY:4
I@@HII/
*6FB_[3:TM/T.2J2NR@,!G4J+*PY5# 2-*BTM)&S$
M@:E.MSV4EAT4W^/.]V76EKX@W K%W <9JLYG



@KTO.+EE




3
MU0C)D/.$G<.JN@%=)6 /9=:!O 
[



+E?AV*6-=3
ME*2'@SX+/#4#5<6433]^47T'45Z.O0]-LUE]@Q+ 9O5#TUC$FD<G90(Y<]L

MX*
(
-E(_&P//&[B,-?6?DAT$^%;8@MKBLR6^]W\D&_:J)/9
ML*;/85QD.=D'HLZ'@
#T

MN!U8;3_32.NQ.Y!PJ[2HC9[.PS!RKJB7#5#0](!/7JANFW%QXE&U@$6ZO.
C
ME&X@G<C=3K';T8Q<F$KWH[T!1H401R3MR(=&)1 CZ$51;%Y'](7:'GKFT ?
MG[Q R]N4E^)M1J6MKIVDK+@^KUP
DWOH):F44K+ZQG
B(:M!''?J9.H7K_VN




M]E4:)@

'OS

*8F/)=8UXU)


78^6
!\!:B
M[=2D!.IDDS08(DGKTW ?C
+=_
7RE_K&3V&C?V$;%P6?4*S(@X  C)-+ZIC@

M1MD$W']'3W#^FRA8LX\[C:EAW


M92'GFX'LV%J'I/42S\5T')T(]+N:(RV#Z8


R]K0!W?H@T+O=!%17\2I7B^


M**CL$- =7DC&L A?PPBC@#T65Z?$O



24

H=\42TK
F5 T+13*J


M0;+0L
]2BSX+#4\'@D+756@XCH?K)'-D7.J!(.TU%1KV^%Z?36='F)]VHN &



M3.BFM3ASIYOC/K









:Q6?SN9_S6?HM%7B:
M@8&=P*SIE
MX
M?#89+O;%8]?TOOO/0':(F/@2E= 1W#&8LSS\MZQ-#[!O:?

9F]4/3SXFPJG^%QT/*G]E@$9H%

M\^)
AK7R;\-VUK:U6P/[7UD!SK G1X4*.-4ZHC8PJR4QU;&JQP2L0M$A9^
M#03
XPFKKN

MEUX?:*5YJP^H1;V
Y1.)73733C2DET6P:)*[++7K2);6DYH ?*.!M)L'BBWA

M%N^M5N4PT


MCCV+MB-#PS[UWT\1GRGB


9%I??A+KKI8N /1U
MBFZQ ^DT[NTK



 ST^HC]25^9)GJ_3DT_UY@U&
9X^!O\Q;

M[/QOL.







M9*V(-!]ZISK83#71






MFC80C0W


MF4X[1
M
C_[

M1E=ZP0;K0:^ZP [I.'V.JL#'=(W8CV)R[+X-!T-Z))CUV;FCU^$=)1_Y'CU\





';3\U

-*B7*Q0U2=5D\4*6J07JAFTR15XKK3V*G;;J<YC74MARX4

MJQU[F

#.Y]%=
K
HR

M3E:
M-@T!&Q>^-AI)V&8=NBH:-AX(JHR-+S
M


M(6WJ?@%O!HF6J4 _Q39R[&T@O$!ID
C)NF]-Q.)RH\=%[K%B0ZHF1X?$@WD



1.O\_6GI8AK9FC0M0W3K\R*2WJ7HJ.O_CE

M7HG
__R?7[8(O
 L3W#Z7[]Y^^K-;P!
5SA.TLU__6:?GT?Y*DE^ _(B2N
(
MX13^UV\.
/_-__SS__E__.?_=7X.KJX?P&)5)_P*LE7.?[#'[S\.%;\+\O







M2K;DQQ'.XANO5Y@


9?YA
]\&&OA;8[^CS




M'B*$8W^$RNZG0$C;[T9I.G&X1V)2U!FXW;8
\[R2A%H\G6]3KRA#_AEW4KS=


&5DRN
&
QLPH/9 E


V'MS#DJZ;P9M#VC





M8K1

MSD!D935X@Y]+[O^OMS-Y'?2PKCH#1HKK8P)%G(22^:/YU44Q';SVAG(#8?



GB-!?4OPY?8!1CE


MF)9BD))S5Y%!A)R*'^ 
/1=F&
8%JRHL0 R0D?JM6?Q?
=JG190=KA-$K$'/

[(KU'WJ1Z/JB8D-2


YVS^A




07J;C3_Y-MT_]1Q8L

^F_[S_YSYYB1 1(E\4EZ(

D: 2&$FT'









%LJ6W^-^\I=VZ04XK19Z!M^0#_C
94_;%
\Z27V%\

#(MZ3IMTB4*F4UQJD(SQ^-Y#
GR<I6'&V7G.NU '#^OH+&AQTA OE!V[2ZI2N.23,5)*LB)(4
MQN^C+6#3KY8K?;;/:)1\PJNDU6B69]LG)IA


M85R3.UUZA




NI6:Y


8CGK)NO=QN5*QD/*B(4A:*&



M4?6HJ_62S=P5!!X@(C0WBS3^$&6_P





MT(Y74Y)J]YQW08.73GPE#C1D:?K6:!F.E]]XFK!Q'?^Q?GN?T^1LF\0FXO



<O
Q]+D
4&)&]2&.S!'CUJF'_5HN)@12P8



MEU$DL*J*0M)ZU\1+)F6(+MG







MG@FSQ0M9






'426 W[N&;DU+

R/%6#683$IGGPU102WKW(V+
MAS1]1S]@:F7?NL
DL

M2R.$A1K!;!B78@B;#-M79$AZ0:RT

DV=Y
MC2X<SP%%.6G=V
:==T$J93D

JQ_1L;*\W=,J._+NV(4/(FY6/.XB(@T


MB#MVI3
Q
 ;H4GVXC?N45(7!8S3N50*YF=VJM0'$''NQ(A/B#





M!S1/)2.CUUVY)%^N[S+:)K X+-*8*GI'34

M/PO6H-JU '@-=H([N\\/2_ZO? 1A Q2QOE)[[^P.614[=;TAFDPWR1.BSR'
M:LT9QVF86I4G%.[P:+[;\D21(RG;UL9Q@:K*FVNN]S+]664/U\C_#F?6$M

YJ;
M=%GVQEVLBN2%3%I@+NMU:6)\MCB:UCJWP-S!34%JR&MFR-2@0-V;.*HD\EH]







P#&3


9#

\VN)D^?M3.[U%K

M98..K9E*1=+)X:TH'D-=*JE9!36ZR= 9GCAV5!8:$BK3Q5XHG(]
@95&390TJ&FP;%Y=VBF<\K2HZ]Q
MUE2#*,-TM=K
N0HDYX4^Q2Y?)5W*TQ!E(Q

MSEBN+S
HU?1VJ&$-K6AG88J'5P!9^,AZ0^
M:I,CG9RPZSW<1'E^[@<+1P=+T%\#4<CT/6
1T.:#!HFZ8A4
FP[%64ZNR=]
MQ 4LK^&8^D^;QF0XFN3F])7OWGSW6Y;027[X#C I0G$:*4H]KG*LO@ 1D;H%
1-I##<2UYB]JDRVUTW

]ZIC)\T8'51@F/@/9H37#
0_2

)3Z\9YU8
MENOW7U:LC\L]F3\L4U:P@YY@Y,_TPOY+A'1OS.O1-4)<AX7]P?E]U<(&OZ

&O

MK+AMO*G
/
_ $]PD:4JG#&0
.L!(NE(


B;BU VCZK[E5<E<
C*1;K16\LT
M









OANSE;!R
60US9ANN'V(LDV2@ILMS35FT6KDODXP9CR$

ME/#!.DIS/$I(!)@X+JA2M&5DL\3^9K/2P.Q+





M1$DBHW%$E[([VW4XEE06'
DL.'A;'1Q-3'1[

H+])6RPZ&I1@PODVB)]IB

M'

14K+?GRD;






&2/A7&PEQ-L16ZEY\IW1N5B&H2#+83GPVZJF@0]88
$4.

)-EM@%X4$MT &&T6DL)[R
M' \I3 31JSS==&4Q&D&429H;W#AU^^







A9
:=Y;A0)\Z+;03] O
FBW7.R(G.M
_]U%&C H=1.WQ

M37YEW^)V64Q&5BXQUY43*VL5^7ZTK@!_()-+Y;98FA6=J!#=YVDQ(:$H&6




M#UD(U4P!YU?^


WBVL\9E$
RU):96M#
M(A-
?@!BT7!92R@ 9WMH?1%,[K)=O)AHM
PG^+@J1<.%L0IQ!SL;
M@B_SU)(SN(9^AT9-\+9'H


!
/&&XCEG)O[V.V'@Y .R3
SW9#ZW
M@HO5*MM'R


(#C*U!^*X*A'9F^#&6OYM2!A


MW!;/6[0A8D!B9#0'^PJ^0(19PIIH8*!_IJ=$SO# =92RB_-OSI0Y?(.M?V_7


M-F/ !0%




M



M(J#B*'D1\#/G:N3A[#[)XW.4VG1U3:+:%J5%WXGS\VLX!1$!A!L'S+#%QCH^

MNJ3-DKCUN#@XG-IL
K@AG



MUD3I;)-L0/5SC?):\&%=?08

LG#S_2ZTUV6T-Q]Q+1*HT.!P4=8D
#?

M/D]2F'
%YJRU%V&KVF7P*FM,+5)F[6&T./BH(^'$  T)*)3(#)T&RYZ+6Y


M6RE4C(-LI3#H5ZHZ#!H@U
OD\*\I2
M

3QL8R9BPF?B*3/TF$W&R%$.2NA8E1ITR&$



MA=T-2G(6%TJ1F\8BMJPZ5SGB!=F-B,-%09HG9Y]2 )$!7D#Z^Y%U^Q8;_=
M$H-MS
0N

MC;M&3&H):CU')?Y$7$QRXJQQE9L*[07OPNIBZB46D('3&
C4'JF#IHG!#P





MKWN\KUA+-!00:ZEFC[=10?J[&R1T-3A7R.T9V_!RD3QS^Q.I:9PMC:FF@OA
M(+6Y9L477P6N%E\04(E8ZTG7GQ9]T
'V@P#V%=



Z
8HR]W%HCQ/U@EO9+3<%TI:
M- \VMC@:68H=YDXN*;7D(I
VXJY*




MFNNQ)_




M1Q8YT+G*

D




MH)2Q88K!!:T?HB2E1[
]6JXK/[D(6R;

MC=$JE!6E;5M2#TRF6'U-=J


&-KP8E
']Q^ 'B31;MGI/5(H/1A-


M1S)1^26
4EA024N#62DORUPH)?89R_Y['V5$4'2HIL:--[*1M*+%8*(!:?!R

M-*[

L7ZJ$VOAL8UK;%.FE!BQN*CLDV:

QCK:8;^[+
EI\FL[624U
M=WK+ZS^++XG2:#I.PV@*W$?.OEFV=YI+7CY7+*-P8%4]!:AZ-*1U\#-EY
_H


Y@7
M64)K@M*$ ;*\HO_0

M*H.&=;48






5D

M#Q LE3WW(9CF=:A/.5SOT6VRUDK)4)G%Z6:LGV?XK0!)1ZDTTA 4O&:KLK


MSL%)6RK_+P/P*I?!1/!:P\Y WCQ!6?!I2HB6*O&UZT4)QSCW5 (;4Z/D9;
M@VPI;=*V$95QF=M!SUK 4CD]=%!M-7\M%_?IX.LFK]V,9TW:OL&L-[$^*4
P@(M-!DTS

IIGTQJ90
MWA5U7E/'\MQ-R![@*C.JW=[VGSVT+DI [*=D\6@*\SN$IV\FH
LT[.Y&KO

H6)Q]@\8QC2XXF(VP;O6



O/4Z%G&[E\@-T\+)R7'LI*=-Q\F

;2;I*=@AJ9XM/9&1VF#B%
MIX



MAYX[XSX##69^KZ:/ 8*5%16B\E%;[TVUSWL3CC;/$9Y7+T\
*@8.D3%N(=1#
MT4U[IS+^U-Q\-W0:PP5K:M,#-0^L-9

(

OW6\8+ 

M?@O@EQ7

FP^FJI_?N7.'$LOE@-TB=O*F(Z%**!(1
@ D%F%2@
MR1P0N8 0#%#)VG^=

MTWC'32.%&WIW6





MA0K&N&/

KT/IPY8
M=P4PKL0P4%R7
0((!C.ZSL#QSRW)O=UU.C9/I&Z=7?K9NQLZC:
2S5:.*H=


VW)+

3;KQ48

(D;9:J

5@)Z<)D(&4 L!UN7\
M9<7%\!8ZS+#%QCH^!1Q;FT\4I.4:W$A ;$U]_(NUF&^(=)_N4D19'& V8<H
MSZ/5\SZ'19%/AVJU/1O R@1=G,3@[ &+=[AQ A-]+^
H-&JG6-XQ@F2U%@

+$6F5\,:;W3M$G^K_L\LK0[H$9+?]JH
M0-;-])XR!JL -PT4

N'


M=&VF^TA9N)BN5L3I:4-V=%X98*+6

VDK9HW:# /PQ5I
M











BT#E+:L-C*]YGI39#22TP[_L\P_@4=TKLH



M#;-TV5GR]CRK5X

:RHQ7'@D$_OV$+AH8#-I:C_#RR#%]QAL*13NN;VT?M)0

M%:
U$-(



M)WB SY3).;LOZ[?=7J_N\;AJ@M(SZJJ8T6?7/^??A[CG[686JQ5$M
L3C*_@




MVD[*BM*BS(\[ ]]D4)SL?$N07&4PRH\AM;Q#[/9E1\


%;-;^X 
@=;N]ZDO/$$
M@_F)FU$+F7.KC+.?M@C,B_BG96R.YCF)*#02/-34CS'6?0Y0GJ)C.KTM.P
M*FDG0RIC?EYR!X(]:S

M\U;K7YH[MW) S1$3G-#1H ]E$PB\%28@Y
B]$%G\B*TNLYS(CZL9IF@E-U



MQ$^9@@976R.;@XG0^[0
N
/3H#_

MG.87A\9OC]$3TIJ=ZM


2DSHO7*/I$ 
!'\5072QA(;Z35TW#J7]Y1 











M;ZI_(#U
QR((KHZK3\81^@^SQQ46* YC[J!V]&W'(:ZC)/MKA/:P%N 15Y5T

@%$A[:*+4Y(!QK:)48%!Q=FGSVC!ATUT&3A4: BEQP9*\TZU)&G0

M

_$HUBENOR1L-#


M:$
\VC\%
 %!0\*RTQ.]?U!=2F)2M@(P:\+(!0TH^+R/LI0L3/)E=HOIU0T?
M


MM=X2D^
=/:/T%:8&!/)ND;VRN2@]Q5F=@1UE=L9:W


M\:B
3K;P!4L049Y?2Z!4MT-GDT
E+/]5;
[M9+*R8?$(;X=(WP*4KW%RD92]


R7O$+K


MS6N&\-?8L3OI B]K8@9:__F!VUELS1VZQ[ISYV E]- (/.EZ\5)E^/=3@-


-!8N=U@RJJJ@#7LJ7+5A0W

M@1W
 





#6L?C2@E*P\?F2^G/V=6S
M_6:740$W.$M^9;N#^BT



MJR
-SAD@98K% Z\?AA)1I3_P:5)L

XE-'RLF
M,#UW+5JLJF8UZ$]I!B-$+VO_$4I:]J;-I9U.K8]2LI(_2-4'<R980'V%5.0
MU

O_7IJJH84T]AHM0N3L@:'
1.?FM+D3
8O;/&91G*2;



6S)9K('&F



M



L(H
MHD+-+%QPFY2H3D\XKB+3*W7. /[-(89*)XA^RD A$7B]55!UM8/&.O?9
U
M0
7Z.@X:0.%L)3L@^+%JZ7Z&L]LHU2J)P[]O-BT@CSH88@A5KS.LI@*Q[&T]
M*POUZ\E12:8$T90ANDUWL]UE^ 6R)*X?
NWJA(.$#
OQ#-!T4=U7L&
[OTF#




(.MLEL9D29P5HAY4KX)TW

A94)!Z.]+^SDH+3D




.Q9V@J2\ ^
M/(B^NA_WZ_ZTD%;WYR[&X&<NA]%Z[':K^ V^@5FM#01^2G[1;V:X@@![<E9



MSI^G#RR*!
V2UU1H.T@F%&S/
\XWK'%'#T%LI
W0T4)MH
!]'U S.Q=.V:G8



4 M]2_7H.(#'GK4[\3^'U;/
-[3.KJE9RIGO8R2
-)[#S4'



M+.)_[ U:8BH2G(3


DNV8:*^=1//V(RQ.9*[8




-
J%-F3ESW[6FY;@O629Y;:_3D()SJMU22


MW
VOX^DV4)=2


MJVDE.#6CMH:]C */T1<X88(C?=Q(T1)*]HV9,?%IR4/JQ@K*$NUZ/]K[]U[



]']



M /[7;
?7R!.KE_
ZBIZ=O.4REQEPAOYJAR[2PP_!GN;@/1TO$MCI[LW%F:F+
M
5V&M
K@%[[G[/Y%IKW54T6[99IX]Q0NEAUT;1GZ:()
9?D_85L=3X89N=/N

DX1
MN.$H*

$9PT#!M#X55;\(

*DI2DX*:@JJWO5L$_C(*BF16

^]09G&*



(*





M]+V1 ^?7YN32C29^FCPT[Z\V;4,0=)R;)K2AVWXX\@HQOW?(?E&8!N-.BD
M :TXH)

A/M##0?__N?6:O$'[_L




'8Q8_0=XGN(L/9\1E




R#QR1=XG9(
MW5/)PC-0R+L/!_8J)5[C3B777/S8C+H4+VS8\1UQJ/JEHE[R_@/W$7)0UNQ%
M






EY'*L$0<T
M.B0?]B5N_V;6MV<#&K^'%2Q?8=74C4[RZKA^]*0H;,W33;P9.^EXUY
E=B=



1QU)JL]H

JX[TB


M;?.5?]?8*&5DO)B:V

^LQT#N


 :-7=12A(H?-'C&:

E'NC
MW\@+V
YI]H

6$3<A[:=7R&M3IWR^PX0(N4\;Y2@ZJ70P2]HP&
GI)SJ%YWU=MZI66KBFQ_K+4%0G
M6]T



MLUV#37#@]UJ]*

M.U$



M4HXS_YIQ7

=GR

YS].#57Y.IZ'?
M!4 H.U=K6=!H 2AC\6.;I



NIS;$Y5


^&D($H5C9D#:




7FI8A)28KD

/0N&+:54^JN3


M +:HP*8?M-ZK9S-$
P%\0B9W4+*VDU$HJ#9P9DLFF$94T
@*^&N!VPWHQ&V^
M-$N\:WS&2



-?+B!5\C
$!
8GJ2S\0&3.Z
ME5%\FB+R#O4IF5T_O

K3 TR'9C.+H=YA\K



TY:@H33P0S5%J'F%
ML1,VX#?&:,SFI0?T#[#(4(FW.KZW



M2HJ5V=;BZ&O&Z]4#EXV#(0'R#$3L JV35 I& VH(0YE]FY&B29OJ9M._SZ
M$#$_DLZ-


+O8A(A=3P7#H8E(=1:9RA8N!#U-=S(NT
MQR[VP=C%?-QWWF0%O*[A=L*]O4#P9U;2VV&A!3"U!F$66E'.BO/(\T%5\
MVE?=[@\HWHO-$WZW&[:3





M#7:HG-A#2F\\CB8'



OKS?^






MT?#P#2GG#A[[ILGX3WKQ
_U
MDQW^3?UFM LRHCOY<
8Y_VN3X(/#^+9


M10

M+K

)0&]Y






+;@O0NU\]JE4QVSSZI=A7

DFYB
M[60!6!C021

MGX(.XT5'


MOJ%49







%/
=?TW-QS



M
RX-Z


P*7-:S*_!#6+WBZLQY!B

H89O^7A?YQ&O



M_0)[-ZCDW\.V&N(N=01&Q:7ID%:CADQZ#4J7! 1 /-\'N.








M J


F[FR33TTE2N5*ZAY:.'5
(KD%G


O2+W1Y7\5^87G&[Y
M6L'K4H1Y/#'HG./%4I!/.$[$*GBD: 6CJ6BM:.0L1VHK]+ZW4O]:\R98FKDF



$4_Y14$GH QI:GRX#?%U#&X4HH:*%
M#/2G3*

AQRGL048Z@94GN


M6


M
+&YV&;'_8H$

LOW^%

MU9M



&2[/3M4

M.'^3




R$2T3[<INM7-Y'I:KO+T1N$
M]/K[EK81,:^K.$#$GXE/0^.SEGQ1S2





VBD9D+.P=%1%LY-T45'J





8B)2ZG927.XQ&3%%P7@

M!$CKS&CY1*\


M]9-N
0[ZZ9NEU]2
$0N/(ZHJBYA);Z%GBZPNQ9JY^INQA.Y7D*.Q=0DY(1XL



W$C-(S(T_%\N7H;J-N19(?T=&Z2/N2G*\3/O
MJ1Z/'V:&F=W9G&3*6QWBU
EC32G)[)Y[9_):
%N*EW8RG=KY
'2V1:Q9=%/
MU(DEVFN+%#JS*;+X_;UDT
T=G(T0/WV;])J#%TU(?1I'X\EXUW(/29\Y_/D%

P!X=[;$@8/MH$L^##PAL#_
M^[)6








)-307IDL?#FZ
MR.@X9$XN0I\2LQ





GO-4EBD42P3^\*$MU.9

M+UA=SJ8M-@P@C /0@0 R$ME3[V8T@ UGEB7\?6L&]
7/%V($]P]?/D'=:4J3

W2J
M+7&6Z*G \\2M+DP

M3N6-+$CHB^[KG%GOY?YW?@0];U$+YU;SG1M]L#/M4ZB*87BNMI I(_*R1:[E


D)Y7.

V

M?Z&G8Q
5.U(V0K/6E-S:M$S39JF/;7B#RBW9*1RY/_[=FBP?G[5F:!-JQDMN


M/1VY2%[B8%=!YRC0D5U_32/9NA&!U ]%[(2A(M]9H^T6FQ1; K 9D-286M=[


MZE

M'NTV@B\: ^LL])U7
T#0C)#\[KNY NM;[- EV/%1F7QIZB6;8[7&$Q(YKX8I


IREX(IKDS.'W[YR


($D$/%

%G D#
#2DMA+,],;;3Z IS.(THR?9R-3M-M D$;OE:=H1R


&M4PN


M 


FY7:
M6P! PSZ(V1YZF

MME'WV$B'DO$YP3A1SU7OCG;2_%$
Y1WJV

J;PU5\CKHOGT=9&4U

MDHCRB





E


O!XW*E7F/'


MTSN(1U[4R;/1XSUW/&VCHQ/V/A(N&MK4PI.RSM;9#K/]EP2;^W_@N%
46*9^



GZ8;S&:;Q?K0L0VWN':-RLD
)C$SC2X -*6K!9[

0F%B%1T/5;4486'Z.J(3
&G;1NS* J8X8IGX30/'/6YV0[
MO2)

TX8OS]$)G!?8
MC\LD?\#.#*L'M*]?8%+5F#/]^2O$/Y?X$^M@:4_?V.)M67D)BEP8P*0!K3C4

M7I-

M?]^@





M8

K5

\=+--O+ V

M.L8F3KY$I/Z)RI%166;31#O\@96TQ

+#;Q.?C&FR/L-QF!5ZRIZLB

P4[8:U$Y0=4*NAP?T+ N
M6^\8PW$I85'64
0%S?_Z/@W'V'WQ1($<E.:

 ]ZL)::EP3ID-\V

M6]#'C9HX(3/5*0\_W1C7QR0K?TWR/3Q_:W_\:X;-O5R_O-W 5ZP^PSK2NA3M





8D._Y#86
M ' ) !4AIC!A@RVRU'+\.(J10A]$RZ Q^^ARTX%-BAID:4*(5(;=UPZ_9MX9



M!!$+

MHLJ LAOL=K#
$$EN*&ONGN='3GD&DAK[ZG-6T(J7:$/O;N)RU
$UD;%6X\9L


MF



M)YQ 25D!5

-;HNA%
IIH7:^'M87:+M+BK?Q
'7[^1U GL*OZ^8-J;-<S)ZKO+


VR*M);;)4EJ8F--T49JQ]ZK
KJ8E^6^#?-75(&C?:4+KC9E4F?S-C'D2[G

6P6$T+%  2+-0$G 4
0#'22Q;F?\+J/


M(SE(/\1V4C#%C$;NL6P16[S)#-\Z=





#_P;W\*WM!L' JDI:;8U-Z_NX(__MN?+)^R


M:;OG5N16SMJOO(K)O:HS!G.7\KKHANE?89+7+Q=)2:]B'TM8I&2:K1RE;NHR


MNCC K#/X&MNCRBFF

ME
CL9F
_1MN1*0RS\5-&&UWJ!E]




%+
M&Z


AW+

M9S(!)E2




P8S$;\)B;%_?]

2/53C_X\P'





B!C;-BF?LP)DVUV)7ME*)EG7V6M69V%?JP^@@L:5
M%A4/$@WY &A#Q@#B\Z0C;3-,RL\UR0YO-TTY'TL5.CC*52 -'O%%I216QW+
MGI;^XZUT )1VM+W[81-#2U#P#@SA*P7V.F$VQG8$BN 7@4A/2GP$ZF/K$

ITD9G]YQ6#@DVLQ^K

%YTDG%C4X#%&L\Z-SB
7==PJW6CH$_+&&H=LIZL
MH&5


P.?U0$+#:?DMI

M



M?S5+S&B39)QG+IA2MH+?C

P$BR:+05
G=GD
%L1]


X?D[/AMTOH-

6TDSC4_T-,\YSU9



M0? &]JDPQL^HV*(UDGY]AD1_DF^HB\T=7SA)H1%OJ$/:RO.?WFI2K:UU6=

F2LP:G2._45@%J\&,MY[FR2K*2OT*I.J%Y%[AO$2M?OW5_


MJR+%GY1[F-YDR5.69W4&#4XH;:A:0://P+V+-+Q)&B)A3MM.)(Q]TVDPJ--8




CG; R@'83JY*PC#
A(8CBS#6#ITH@VC\%\%U9]'%5#&[1.EMUM


]W-!!!&GJ*C[M



M^Z)DIE

MX.AYLA.+0])WKMH
W+E03)6R U0
M=#\OWDO\



MWL






MINQS@CJ30Q6%.VE )W.G

&



YVY)EBUB;B)9(0?M7MYJ*$:2:[QS&)


M2]^O*#-R_=#B(;EZF

89*BJ


59*:H




831GTY=?8($ER$E/Z'2;
M%:31;VJX(TUS*:'L4IO49&B/NXH/Y2)#D=.$Q!Q:0X \]
CC/6CKPG2A1=



P3'^ 1U
L(&<#YGLF='L]Y6#2* M+03F[9SB:*)GB=5
MP?J(2I@]%V89[P=?,LZ^[GW?2X8[YQL'I5<K4@Y_!A4V+O5V==5ED)R%UB_

W

&,^?[X3
&C#-)(F49B2WS8&MJ$\R0H1;C


7O6#PH








O

M\N)WE!F%/\4S?LKX!?.Z4120CHHBTWCOU+%5-^8%.#-+;_
K=2X*O.H+/
G3


MK.)/7


IVN?Y%2DK/IA^S OMZEN1V?G;S</^J<K2+DS6'7]'U=/
MI$SS6JO_KP



L:#\0S.

2Q8BP9*MJ#B'C

)JOO
(MJE?Y]

=/6TZPE$CE%RO&S/-MF:F572BD77([1_8O)M
M6D5EJ:)(8!./W'Q.?&Q[LA8%


M$ FT

MQ._*ALT/X F5)?I*$


D\O5234



M]1)2'N[16BZ LHFB\
E:N7Z9U$EKG-X44+X^Z=L
M_9(])X5I&Q4E 8N&'PI:GEJJ$&Z L@


NBI0_VR('L\V)+?GY'I(]#?Z3]R9.84'<BMC/CY*&9#_1H!

TC


M$OWH1*[G_? FBIU@X?@X0/_\88NB'_[G__M__A__\7_]^..;BZN'-S
W]E[0


MF^;TO\C!'[Z\M/'CV\__/3N]/2T],MWCON7LT)OKB]*O_SA:&/7SY\^?+V




B^

M=_+CZ;N?7J/%#P2R-V_^(\0^ND?+-_2_W^ZO*\/%(4+/.(G0$N-%E.X[LCJ?

1



MYP7RZ%COZ1\H


MF[]7L0W(2*'C7Q/Q^OJ_$/ 8'7RL@
%[M/(B
DH0WSIK;@SKOY7*WF/H4-'V






MN$U'^\WQ$R[70MO7BADN@9

MX@E






U\6B9]W./*@H




UV9_(S #58/T93B^(N1?T9Q9[K%.D!




M


#/ 2-G
M3N2Y$B;:1%CQ-'=^J]WEGN
S:+6TK(0L\WY,2E(9IG1.B&J. /15^]
M(+T;KP-RMZ&(1G=6J60^HJ^(*',+P0HA6ME2O8G)]92Q':PRCO(U!FWH9B(Z
M*I-)F4,7)<43N2+[Q5L%F3G*W3Z&3A 1;9%LIE\<+Z[)-M3P$+;(+(:BAYE



MM()\;RU4=$LHD;NAA8CJK102
7X78N [IO*9\BB.*)XO[]$+H5^ZH?JM[)

MLG_P2$*

M&W!2=_0'1/#E36;N
29(L(?N!^;;MQ]-U6LE@;C)+-PLQ-3D98H7CG![W/7L!W]W9!

MC4-G&54IXGF(E[2.%Z!]26A1BF%KKK5^X

MQW])D:#-9






MY\G#TZ$*32#RBANJ)JV7861L

MK%!J

M8/L!'Y

M;/9JN@R.2!@V!3
K+-92C]+0:4ZSAU^O;N:_2RK1LD]MW 'XC-TFU^H!#N0'



$#72



9B;_B&LEI6KU'G



M4ZGUIU?
!*NW(?]9
#'B)YM

M_3@]BY@B!6I/.$@L)3XA8#F*MA4(?[(7UJ'=I;%T'X/-WEJ C0DM^5C _'EJ








Y2Q%R?UKAEY^]]#M*_S3_
P7@M'2&
MLI_^P08 8*VK[D.?0]&HP?W&2T2_]#0F&XALH0!QTP.]P.NY%'NE2*BV;-
M1[
5(5*NN
]OPVDE


M=]WSP[QK8:0

66RYCD.B22&


+
M-L5N)C-PAX+.^=7E_TQ'!E0+O$$0-V7(Y$%=;4GJ#R4$+GOX& \C;33W&_
M



7)2 26N KU  +R['06@D
MHJ6-4^7Z0-/(/54@*&7UBD\W.X*J#X3PP

MN@C4*&@E
1*95
\_E1-X?Z=K2CB*L.\M=NKG76F]BV;W93:%G&QR!AS4%R<5

MOX?D*4+_3LA ER]P6WC3UR.18P?L*7[W[ TG]H!K)J+ZV;8WLMSK9'&LTB


A(A?'

6)

ZJ+AB_H;/M(H* EW.Q)F-Y&$WV97CT@::V_

^3$:Q&U)$=P<0'5()A<\=-Z\34S1/3%7:&S8U



P7CM3LI_^P8:!2^U.$ES2MP?+T4[:0&0N#Y4A


+\HU;:J2U0+?M=;MK?'(


@Z#X'$1V)_L[+M2Z5I9&?DM-0ALHF
HYJ&T/&2K3CQ?&%W
JM
M9 :U*W#

PV-:Z=^*T:EU @RRSD D)



)\(0RH@9@
!&&4^1N

MM*\.S=Y):Q(N#]CHJ9CQTM;X+I
SL0$F08?LITDV41A2#G;
JN$V.01_ LJA

Z9U3^78*MCI)_@(29S.^AQ(E1BEH/22 1/*ZNP


M].O5NN.YS2=:6_QJ3'1(UDD*:UK=E2(3HF
MI+N^$T5IQRLZ]WD2I_'MS:SM@BQ$GXBR1M3V;N;@K5BN_DD@(D.I]NC\.R%B
M1\B/L_?EH-Z;^EDT)7B(K

$GJ?=*





M=)8)^':E2(5^2N\$G+C2-BSO8VD/EJ90J#MD:W5ZWKD4':88AB4]FKBV)4
M=CR&L+VQ.M.P^&S$#%)[/?$5 I'HBV ]1 W*?4O]G?

MD+*




-9@]H


(7SQ5MRJ..


M\
([ C@-

MT)V=)SQ %)
.0JK5S6=O0]W

M+&UQOIQ_#XCD)5N!-^.BX6/1;D5M0H
(

.Q5+T@+PB<A%0!S'R$_%M)A*KB9;?H3=Y!1_X_FJC
L $H/NK





MLUSDM 5R-P/
ZU^#TQQJO42\:QS$AC0$\L^U-@RR:Z4
=K$)'P4
/

M)0/?&7A/@''&^3.Q. +WV#G6T\ 6]4_9I-^:V$K#/BM2O\4'&\];HO28VT

M


 ^N*RY&26R%&:4&MO?'%




MC0#?K62&DY%9M6#?B:);9RW@-@*3'FZJ9UO&$=25!)K Q9LP,)1!S(=G&V


UU80H:N
UU20H:N

%^SY'
M







W8E;KL5]!:1ZZXR@Q#4  2UO?
M02$R#EJ6%B23".1$QHXZZK9@)!)ZUW- 9K%!.(2I%^G!MTS@E$8+2KZYCK
M13&!D(#N1QGF?#U.( Y AD![7R/0S/462A=H$@Q0#'9C-ZH\FR6;P]E^!OK
MDU2#?S_[O(IJSU\RV .THBG9%OA:_Q #WKCJ^4IA[_ ^LN+;&@*7='GF9ZM5




M#+!W%K 6P#A$U@!$6//L (H]P)9=B^DV^(?$'A$QZL#DL5@*_D^'E!J4ED


MJX-&7BZT#C(\\+.1A.HN6Z4%%HI8;2!@@S./
SC3ACIV0&Q#'6VHHPUUM*&.



MWZ4^NE7U-Q*)ZN:E-I)X[4YV980SYW?HMCB #GVDD1UU%V(7H47TB.FH7(YA



MI'-0LLD$-IG )A/89 *;3#O66B38PS\MMD IM

'A@J4TFL
D$8T\F
/8&
MX ^2Y'AUV7+)I5@_P$O:5E!FN/'926R:S_[)[#!\32#AAU/=$&T[8&[16^6)









M26RM!5MK0:M'L_
E9HLL
+G&__2V)1:JVZO9F&)+*[#]U68QFT!%A9Z79*OQ


MO$$LMJTE,)=4)/#.M
TET&U=VG*Q!OYOX[\6BJ)PZBV6+A97.X#I8X7&?J









MF7VDW%RPWB0QA_P,O[NA&CO00/'EI.@ZL2*T%F@!^2&)(MU/:U#H9OG342

.S(<'2[D.0K#5OPN]
M%T+N+'21;0C2(T0@;,*G2OX(0$0U/_NW]GSX'N%@]@ TP'NG$82VK(4:S@@
M5W/I;SU2%7EIZ[=OZ4HMM
9
8T_?)(#3V$I

R!$Q;F&]5XGPV$4*.




/F.-OQ+@4UFQ@ZV U98ZC:?EBC(
.*LP
MM9U\4.VA M1/%M3#E\I554@]-FJGOGOUPBSSU;!;#Z3C:7DOB^6/CRWV\J



6


'
[BO-?ASW*@9T8&R\X
M7%F(] P;61QLL+(0YO8FUU86PMQZ;&K+0IA;J6V X@:GQEXWJFML&%P/3ULJ

B3Q7

M3RG$1CO:A5V.A3!KT
ITF:=I(%%^RXG8H!L_'XFA^9 _Q1F+SSB

MQ%[Y#(2EBY

M[*]B@+4K/\P 
F%IU:+A5H66D94 NA\)F.LM


]18Q

MRUJK7
NIF83MLEOX=



SS^CKS5
SDJ

MTU0\N0H#\.6I_=RJ8#H%?.T23
  !X2)_\1-P




('O(R_.S28L7*@X=AR$E0\+5HW #T@-T0B





MG
.=;U&#N^I( I#+N

MNM^IL5=)3[P:+/T

*;JN^
CR:ATQP!

984=X!S%XX: '()V






?!

$M_B80:'*ID
M8216!35S'*PC0MHTF%_U[:)DF^XI6*.&O25IW1JI#S?AO
NZE.GEM(:;C) 1




Z$%M8 LG('N^Z BCF_@C&5[QDN=#C&_JW['BB=
!
M1C7M6R+Z'K\C_P5]Q0$1RNKF?SB2=1:








MF2/+V#!^)8AVW0\
5V-#H=7LU$9%8@*-_)0@VJAD



MHGP
-.\Q53D)FY
4[ES
5'MB(YD+#'?
(T0'-QGY =-0Y$?^TF4;J6[

-+TS)T(+


MM1Q
H=JPBFS*8X56W5.


MR+Z/O]
J9KWF4$=.]Y3R'G$]9I%3T
UXJJ+U8CRGH)OQ0C


MM1K=07TYR4!QC@F+41%?H#ORL^PG=V110A1[(:)/R=V_\T:JJ.1@@#N_I^I2

M H6

M9($#\D7^T6^P6DLV0VP*@K[-+= )VH$[@X4(R!-GHSN7XNC5N[88:*J$V:-)
M)U5-+$478+KB!$HQWK

_7?B11ZOT.X_
MQC3?WQVXM]QXB]HKHL;9_&FWHM(7K3H+H



3XMR#:

M=Q)Y97G+VZ
JSD]




J]+TW
MSYDOJ/YV9#P7@+V;Y#78-QN^@






M6X8=9I-+V



!

MN&( \O J*S43\


*__:DG&3
MB9MA8UQFK@@V%1\%QPQ+O-; )N*CXE%



ZQG@F?QTHGGEY@-%-




@V6;
MO6.M;0+9.Q.)81&

B;SH@=PX


M(^3^M
1E6@/5;Y]*84

M%CM5-4.8QZ;&0FR



(W06W6
M$0-



T:Z(*G


S;51DR-@

M4@ */V#AHA:W_;@3%BDJ'9L7HL+A
050O5

M&V9DPXSX.;9A1C;



MO3T4W2*0
2OUYV_TOX ASD]*Z%6Z=M4!P53






M5


M;1NL;8.U;; V!T;K-T)D4BP=OD:G%RTM@T_'D'X\53*YD-/YZ(8UQE^/%4
M:A&J#3\^


;\[
7%)+M

YW(:6DBV4]+(Y-+*14:

M7*6/%+.WKTW P6RBH$T.[T3_(V%6)

UO_/9ZMC(9DV
ME*G-2



O7P3#9[1.L1P?IAM5%1[CTL#WWGA/
P
M*]?UF^


Q%'L! OR  %%=+72T3T)
MN!;02$(?Z^EU(,AS_JUB9IFJ=^=XB^L@=T:6^(PST--8__ 725+&C<O-!\.



+-:

*;@+OM?TGQ3L=Q:NTE1Q*UFLGW
Z7E\LEN?5R@^
9N0T7-(H

&
MY&\E8[M *:
QL3R6$DFCP$1QB/C^H!DOH%CQ)A*JH]OWQB4+X[E]&
\)*&:[

MK80(F;V
T899^X.5 6]E(&'%T[Q%
5D
O$8W. (MX=Z'F@6(4*)
(XU!(Q:[
M9H8;



M7X/2-X$&U'U0*G1Z%L^NX7J8R'O]+EVZ9Q1[KN

M:\5T78
:U:4FZD/!(+5BO CYL0A2


58


M/E:X#B





M @]Z


2I?!W'H!9'G:J]YT(/)H=-PQ&96*H8X7OAY
MF!PY_*4I# =OQ-C+;4SWSU0BP.X9U^[1S2LB
R(W(-IXD'B^/J*&/5A;^20
M=Y_%
G(0CA!K,V]C!;@TY& YG%M#0VSL-3AZ:$LJ*W\-9X6#CQRN;GU3/XK\

A(D!]


M\!:Q@G;RJKA




9*1=
3CZF@)-+HJX

?#PIG/3/'

?8E
_)U

G]04YK\41TJ*V2N1W[+TJ.J=:ROD]








3A02J
Y
MT9:2':6%MMWV8(O+ A=
ES7.R(JSA2V7;
8E#M=.X)IQ7ZX:([-J-W.]$CM
M:Q,NIV!*OK\MX#.VA;$%?$:]/+: SZB7Q]P;QX1%&7'Y%
N]+$5F+$%?/3R



MXS';1'%V98E
7NZX Z[\&3G (=J?CO0-T3F
:LN?Y#.KWJ+:O9DHKD(.!#CM

M@7MU&@@HEWH$. K3WO 1U$W306AX\4#E%=@S Z.K98N).%/VOQSR\=LPRP*
M.C-A&MMF3&AW8^ZSR14E[XP
@3YQ!SNE

RYM

M V.YQDF6_RK/
S2Z_%?56[L&3ODIJC%M*&$(F

$O2;XAV.&JQ%V:Q#*4'CD1W$6Q
M:YF38IF3MR#

TQ
49DG
MK5B0%IV M;OO

+X%CAK'
8T
O@7QPOH/:MN

M$PA(TA #9^PU(UW)D6H98S$UQIY_%09




M=T?U!*R!IN[)1;][\?


M)2F#_=-%&#2^-M#65[(B3KOU7=9V3WU#TGSXH5#LG
X2%M+43T/Y*W-=Q
M@]Q 9)5W@F&;HJ\([::E/'ZOK.S0 NWPW=9
0SOST'W51 $F9-*+L'KUPL=
M/EKZ]:.,2D:4964]JF(;?)V.KHG(;+76XBH9M]Y]=;)6F#S5#]4S:87+)9
M_5UU*
X2QI):&NT5A
$QFP8\)*=
M0
*JW\]EVUVP8/H1XT0DRP%$=LC($I'YU_8]XUK

M.V#:$^X3R'_@OR\Q^*J?0*9#[\-:TN&JQ_/$1+@.U=Q]*843U_W+,&-;Z0I
M!,EW %)]VS) K'1IDBXM%HRJM'EO(GS=1J VJKFJ@ED2'#9_5H!V[-3
LR




&BE
;Z77!@FR9Z_4F
MQ^%U2]-'WEVGCS?R\XQ_6&_%00-I!V&<T14\:6'%O\?#A!MVI#TRT^M)ZA[
M6IE9M]=$=B2X6(^0^]
*O_R\0![E^CW] V7V?8E9\J
_+H.87+:/SNOU@NR#


L!)_(R<*8CI'_^3K80!5]\$XK3A\WCS/D+A5L:VD.WNTO1

E XZC







M(9RA 2*N93I
D!O7




C(G04/S

BI.QLEUWRB#^\9*+!#=X^.D(!KDXW_*-QLO?XF
M)W 5)YMRR;['^3'ZAD1U
[K?P=W^


AXJJ=4Y7D[^@@VZ'MW0=E\BY6E;_&D9\G1.$!^;#D##@S
M6*Y*OFK

# 4W*#


M%3I&HX?0OBR%

MW-X4




:_)Q947^F0&0;1N
M.W3PQ$C?*QHAC$]&@KP4%.^MC 7].8W\?)



M'BZ%NCF/&




A!IF














MYB'7G ] H9V:\P'IG #2P*WL$U;VL56(:6GNLJ FN4Y42P
J!=788OE:02T

M5


Y&
M.B?DL*#??\/!=RUIIW/E:55J#2F)D1G
?



MUAX,#6Q($)JU_$J@[4/8






M2)Y;#:PPW)7WK_R)B':G8N29J')2IZ8XZJ0Y9B?GUSG(1\9-4G5 #1\?8F41
M!8C/8[IW$4G8*U+U%
RW07TV$X[S1.&$*?6Y3+A(QU8WXSKYV4SY9ZQPPA7Q




M2%CK8
;C8Q#F?<PQ37GQ
MXR




M_2SPK0] !+'K6N Q!Z-U:LRWP/T-QNC46Z/2J_U:





_D;++A#+HM4G[W'0W




PX
.T8*4%
MB@?K781O;G2@0XIV@HH+
NX<(UA!6=RL#TB,)KJ0OP?9RWR-TZF:JYDQ&E+]0SY4+YYB);4ER90WU




7@X6_MK7;?N7;3-


.E-
*G;!/V5H\B7=)^T








MH1U=D';%I5  C;TNE !XU@+0W$;7XEIP.QJM*?Q^

^E0&Z$UYG5I*K1#N=
5LI_DQ=U8
0P/Z&U< &;<6/,I(*-X14YSYA(#!3A!E8KE/].RT]<TA)
MJ%M\AHD7

[' 0*J(2;UA@_K:SUU?I4^6XH[LCRTBQ0JJ[4MH;&

MHV'@




M%\ME4


M(
1Z 30^BXN4ZB!^;X

MFNQ+?@__.&7U\.
%Q%= 7SU
ML86#]]I$],;JPR^1'@+J@ZN;ZN0EBOP7+#A_$6(#]#2/IE]Q8) S/@ +<63


M$GMPHH&PXKZS[0%W8MX1

@[=S8;8?&72

X:8JPPZHIM


MUPGE%=E0'@+_1PA-J#WY2+#)PDWT0KK[):+=%EK?P_AX3O!F_1+\PF+JTH
R
MT?
Q$'LOS3Q


M7K%(/VXO

Y*Z:R4K^ZUVWV8+3!0
M
J5@&Z N.6V!;7+XJHN'+F

EMS@











M'E$2ZGH\?/\

^U[7NTO(FRPL(SYMBV

LL

M5)#]YB#K]IS1UF(.H1Z/Z!&B
_GI5SN4?(]?%TA0-WB%WIG;8

M9HX

N=H8##U@
MSFB%G[F:&! _UB93H(C-Y*X8)=TX\\8K&,U5U<; .%Q1X C@6W,5N#$ LBI+
M5-9:TT= UU7-9$*
J?3B2C'-0 5F%U;U\9\2B=5CXRQU8:E#/5JBBFQYN*J
MX7JG=0JEU[&=J@)M55;QX

MW&+

T1)

G'[K:

 5/7BE10^



\##^5&$9H31Z/1J#8
M%81#JS*XBZ4/N%:P%:W7X
YL/VA]476TE(
[K6W\..
J:0$(!R)K$T[05?Y


-
MDI^!8&S3


MS]8N3!OE



E4%+LU^%I. SP7/ 3_#(
WX;EZG\TDDYMH6MVWZOC9]=%5/
F;

MK2^PQK\KVQUUY&@ @YY&C:0ZXB)?826A1KRX.V+&Q@_@0J-I8-'4#0E#0L

M1*G@&98TD*:=MUA5HY.Z'C IU4M#XR[#.[UB@_2+$]U@;3JSOD=% G1DC3@-
M

FGP0^OGP..MSA))V(B^*Z[V&5PI)'%#C@;X.
MBO%)8_?%ZC)/@PBEJ;CZU$M.DX!]CB]\K)V3O&2AWD-L.AK7A=3*6JSP3_ !
MR/;$;$SRJ


MLE-#:/




P[0+DM5@^SG636 'HLAE?!*O_]5L)Z$S65!ETU(TF
*?HKQP/=[(KY



WYF\8A

^9KL6JL!?P(

MO1H*_%3U$-#+-MD* O=S/Q'][(-OYSX2FED'%Y?H_%XOTT*%K_II3)I6-S2S
<_<H )D00-;7GTR
.!0D8S/NN4%B/4<MZ(O

IW:B)J2_)V)
M+'-:RR(+J0-60^C2&F7@M*97$_7_H-]LVC]\%(E 9]'G6H^ETSM!:/N7)\




#$W
3(S
5]C


#$W
3(S


