

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-15-054186
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150219
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001320695
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				202311383
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32504
		FILM NUMBER:		15631748
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 SPRING ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7084831300
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 SPRING ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523












 


Washington
 D.C. 20549 
Form 10-K






For the Fiscal Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 
 




For the Transition Period from
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;to&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

TreeHouse
Foods
 Inc. 



















2021 Spring Road
 Suite 600
Oak Brook
 IL






Registrant&#146;s telephone number
 including area code (708) 483-1300 











Common Stock
 $.01 par value









Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to


if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation S-K (section 229.405 of this Chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer&#148;
 &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 































Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 2014
 based on the $80.07 per share closing price on
the New York Stock Exchange on such date
 was approximately $2
876
212
726. Shares of common stock held by executive officers and directors of the registrant have been excluded from this calculation because such persons may be deemed to be
The number of shares of the registrant&#146;s common stock outstanding as of January&nbsp;31
 2015 was 42
747
554. 
Portions
of the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April&nbsp;23
 2015 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 





 
































































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities











































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance























Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence













































 



 

Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 Section&nbsp;27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#147;1933 Act&#148;) and Section&nbsp;21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;1934 Act&#148;). The words &#147;believe
&#148;
&#147;estimate&#148;
 &#147;project&#148;
 &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;foresee
&#148; &#147;should
&#148; &#147;would
&#148; &#147;could&#148; or other similar expressions are intended to
identify forward-looking statements
 which are generally not historical in nature. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on us. These
forward-looking statements and other information are based on our beliefs as well as assumptions made by us using information currently available. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are subject to certain
risks
 uncertainties and assumptions. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect
 actual results may vary materially from those described herein as anticipated
 believed
estimated
 expected or intended. We are making investors aware that such forward-looking statements
 because they relate to future events
 are by their very nature subject to many important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those contemplated. Such factors include
 but are not limited to
 the outcome of litigation and regulatory proceedings to which we may be a party; the impact of product recalls; increased competition in our industry and actions of
our competitors; changes and developments affecting our industry; quarterly or cyclical variations in financial results; our ability to obtain suitable pricing for our products; development of new products and services; our level of indebtedness;
the availability of financing on commercially reasonable terms; cost of borrowing; our ability to maintain and improve cost efficiency of operations; changes in foreign currency exchange rates
 interest rates
 raw material
 and commodity costs;
changes in economic
 political
 and weather conditions and other factors beyond our control; reliance on third parties for manufacturing of products and provision of services; general U.S. and global economic conditions and disruptions in the
financial markets and; the financial condition of our customers and suppliers and our ability to retain our customers; dependence on a limited number of customers; consolidations in the retail grocery and foodservice industries; our ability to
continue to make acquisitions in accordance with our business strategy or effectively manage the growth from acquisitions; changes in consumer preferences; changes in laws and regulations applicable to us; disruptions in or failures of our
information technology systems; disruption of our supply chain or distribution capabilities; and labor strikes or work stoppages and other risks that are described Part I
 and our other reports filed from time
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements
 which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise. 
 



 



References herein to &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; &#147;our
&#148;
&#147;Company&#148;
 and &#147;TreeHouse&#148; refer to TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries unless the context specifically states or implies otherwise. 

 2005 by Dean Foods Company to accomplish a spin-off of certain specialty businesses to
its shareholders
 which was completed on June&nbsp;27
 2005. Since the Company began operating as an independent entity
 it has expanded its product offerings through a number of acquisitions: 







 2006
 the Company acquired the private label soup and infant feeding business from Del Monte Corporation. 






 2007
 the Company acquired VDW Acquisition
 Ltd. (&#147;San Antonio Farms&#148;)
 a manufacturer of Mexican sauces. 






 2007
 the Company acquired the assets of E.D. Smith Income Fund (&#147;E.D. Smith&#148;)
 a manufacturer of salad dressings
 jams
 and various sauces. 







 2010
 the Company acquired Sturm Foods
 Inc. (&#147;Sturm&#148;)
 a manufacturer of hot cereals and powdered drink mixes. 







 2010
 the Company acquired S.T. Specialty Foods
 Inc. (&#147;S.T. Foods&#148;)
 a manufacturer of dry dinners
 which include macaroni and cheese and skillet dinners. 







 2012
 the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of Naturally Fresh
 Inc. (&#147;Naturally Fresh&#148;)
 a manufacturer of refrigerated dressings
 sauces
 marinades
 dips
 and other specialty
items. 






 2013
 the Company acquired Cains Foods
 L.P. (&#147;Cains&#148;)
 a manufacturer of shelf stable mayonnaise
 dressings
 and sauces. 







 2013
 the Company acquired Associated Brands Management Holdings Inc.
 Associated Brands Holdings Limited Partnership
 Associated Brands GP Corporation
 and 6726607 Canada Ltd. (collectively
&#147;Associated Brands&#148;)
 a manufacturer of powdered drinks
 specialty teas
 and sweeteners. 






 2014
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of PFF Capital Group
 Inc. (&#147;Protenergy&#148;)
 a manufacturer of broths
 soups
 and gravies. 







 2014
 the Company acquired Flagstone Foods (&#147;Flagstone&#148;)
 a manufacturer of snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 snack mixes
 and other wholesome snacks. 

food away from home
 and industrial and export customers. We manufacture a variety of shelf stable
 refrigerated
 and fresh products. Our product categories include beverages; salad dressings; snacks; beverage enhancers; pickles; Mexican and other
sauces; soup and infant feeding; cereals; dry dinners; aseptic products; jams; and other products. We have a comprehensive offering of packaging formats and flavor profiles
 and we also offer natural
 organic
 and preservative-free ingredients in
many categories. Our strategy is to be the leading supplier of private label food and beverage products by providing the best balance of quality and cost to our customers. We manufacture and sell the following: 







 such as supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 and specialty retailers
 for resale under the retailers&#146; own or controlled labels
 







 including foodservice distributors and national restaurant operators
 







 primarily on a regional basis to retailers
 and 
 










 Food Away From Home
 and Industrial and Export. The key performance
indicators of our segments are net sales dollars and direct operating income
 which is gross profit less the cost of transporting products to customer locations
 commissions paid to independent sales brokers
 and direct selling and marketing
Our North American Retail Grocery segment sells branded and private label products to customers
within the United States and Canada. These products include non-dairy powdered creamers; sweeteners; condensed
 ready to serve
 and powdered soups
 broths
 and gravies; refrigerated and shelf stable salad dressings and sauces; pickles and related
products; Mexican and other sauces; jams and pie fillings; aseptic products; liquid non-dairy creamer; powdered drinks; single serve hot beverages; specialty teas; hot and cold cereals; baking and mix powders; macaroni and cheese; skillet dinners;
and snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
Our Food Away From Home segment sells non-dairy
powdered creamers; sweeteners; pickles and related products; Mexican and other sauces; refrigerated and shelf stable dressings; aseptic products; hot cereals; powdered drinks; and single serve hot beverages to foodservice customers
 including
restaurant chains and food distribution companies
Our Industrial and Export
segment includes the Company&#146;s co-pack business and non-dairy powdered creamer sales to industrial customers for use in industrial applications
 including products for repackaging in portion control packages and for use as ingredients by other
food manufacturers. This segment sells non-dairy powdered creamer; baking and mix powders; pickles and related products; refrigerated and shelf stable salad dressings; Mexican sauces; aseptic products; soup and infant feeding products; hot cereal;
powdered drinks; single serve hot beverages; specialty teas; nuts; and other products. Export sales are primarily to industrial customers outside of North America. 


 LLC (&#147;Bay Valley&#148;)
 Sturm
 S.T. Foods
 Cains
 Associated Brands
 Inc. (&#147;Associated Brands
U.S.&#148;)
 Protenergy Natural Foods
 Inc. (&#147;Protenergy U.S.&#148;)
 and Flagstone Foods (&#147;Flagstone&#148;) in the United States and E.D. Smith
 Associated Brands
 Inc. (&#147;Associated Brands Canada&#148;)
 and Protenergy Natural Foods
Corporation (&#147;Protenergy Canada&#148;) in Canada. Bay Valley is a Delaware limited liability company
 a 100% owned subsidiary of TreeHouse. E.D. Smith
 Sturm
 S.T. Foods
 Cains
 Associated Brands U.S.
 Associated Brands Canada
 Protenergy U.S.
Protenergy Canada
 and Flagstone are directly or indirectly 100% owned subsidiaries of Bay Valley. 

 Food Away From Home
 and Industrial and Export segments can be found in Item&nbsp;7. 
 




 as a result of the
Associated Brands acquisition
 the Company updated the product categories. We changed Non-dairy creamer to Beverage enhancers to include sweeteners from Associated Brands. Powdered drinks was renamed Beverages and now includes the specialty teas and
related products from Associated Brands. We revised Hot cereals to Cereals
 as Associated Brands sells cold cereals. These changes did not require prior period adjustments. In 2014
 the Company added the Snacks category due to the acquisition of
Flagstone. This category includes snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 and other wholesome snacks. 






























Year Ended December&nbsp;31





































































































































































































































































































































































































































946









293









182
































&nbsp;&#151; We produce a variety of beverages that include the Company&#146;s single serve hot beverages such
as filtered coffee
 cappuccino
 hot cocoa
 and cider. Also included in this category are the Company&#146;s powdered drink mixes that include such items as lemonade
 iced tea
 and energy
 vitamin enhanced
 and isotonic sports drinks. Beginning in
2013
 as a result of the Associated Brands acquisition
 we also added specialty teas to our beverages offerings. We primarily sell these products to grocery retailers. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of private label powdered drink mixes
in both the United States and Canada
 based on volume. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of private label single serve hot beverages in the United States
 based on volume. Beverages represented 17.0% of our consolidated net sales in 2014.
&nbsp;&#151; We produce pourable and spoonable
 refrigerated
 and shelf stable salad dressings. Our salad dressings are primarily
sold to grocery retailers throughout the United States and Canada
 encompass many flavor varieties
 and include private label and regional branded offerings. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of private label salad dressings in both the
United States and Canada
&nbsp;&#151;
Beverage enhancers includes non-dairy powdered creamer
 refrigerated liquid non-dairy creamer
 and sweeteners. Non-dairy powdered creamer
 the largest component in this category
 is used as coffee creamer or whitener and as an ingredient in baking
hot and cold beverages
 gravy mixes
 and similar products. Product offerings in this category include both private label and branded products packaged for grocery retailers and foodservice customers. Products sold outside of the retail channel are
for use in coffee and beverage service
 and other industrial applications
 such as portion control
 repackaging
 and ingredient use by other food manufacturers. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of non-dairy powdered creamer in the United
States
&nbsp;&#151;
Condensed
 ready to serve
 and powdered soup
 as well as broth and gravy
 are produced and packaged in various sizes
 from single serve to larger sized packages. We primarily produce private 
 




label products sold to grocery retailers. In 2014
 the acquisition of Protenergy contributed additional volume to this category
 while also diversifying the Company&#146;s packaging technologies
to include carton production capabilities. We also co-pack organic infant feeding products for a branded baby food company in the Industrial and Export segment. In 2014
 soup and infant feeding sales represented 11.9% of our consolidated net sales
&nbsp;&#151; We produce pickles and a variety of related
products
 including peppers and pickled vegetables
 for private label and regional branded offerings. These products are sold to grocery retail
 foodservice
 and industrial customers. We believe we are the largest producer of pickles in the United
States
 &#151; We produce snack
nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 snack mixes
 and other wholesome snacks as a result of our Flagstone acquisition in 2014. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of trail mixes in North America. These products are predominantly sold to grocery
&#151; We produce a wide variety of Mexican and
other sauces
 including salsa
 picante sauce
 cheese dip
 enchilada sauce
 pasta sauce
 and taco sauce that we sell to grocery retailers and foodservice customers in the United States and Canada
 as well as to industrial markets. Mexican and other
&nbsp;&#151;We produce a variety of instant
 cook-on-stove
 and traditional
cereals
 the majority of which include oatmeal
 farina
 and grits in single-serve instant packets and microwaveable bowls. These products are primarily sold to grocery retailers. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of private label instant
hot cereals in both the United States and Canada
Dry dinners &#151;

 skillet dinners
 and other value-added side dishes. These products are sold to grocery retailers. Dry dinners represented 4.7% of our consolidated net sales in 2014. 
&nbsp;&#151; We produce aseptic products
 which include cheese sauces and puddings. Aseptic products are processed under heat and
pressure in a sterile production and packaging environment
 creating a product that does not require refrigeration prior to use. These products are sold primarily to foodservice customers in cans and flexible packages. Aseptic products represented
&#151; We produce jams and pie fillings that we sell to grocery retailers and foodservice
See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for financial information by segment. 

 including grocery retailers
 foodservice distributors
 and industrial and export
 which includes
food manufacturers and repackagers of foodservice products. We have an internal sales force that manages customer relationships and a broker network for sales to retail and foodservice accounts. Industrial food products are generally sold directly
to customers without the use of a broker. Most of our customers purchase products from us either by purchase order or pursuant to contracts that generally are terminable at will. 

 or from warehouse distribution centers where products are consolidated for shipment
to customers if an order includes products manufactured in more than one production facility or product category. We believe this consolidation of products enables us to improve customer service by offering our customers a single order
 invoice
 and
shipment. 
 




 including most of the leading grocery retailers and foodservice
operators in the United States and Canada
 and a variety of customers that purchase bulk products for industrial food applications. We currently supply more than 250 food retail customers in North America
 including each of the 50 largest food
retailers
 and more than 500 foodservice customers
 including distributors who comprise 90% of the foodservice sales universe and over 50 of the 100 largest restaurant chains. A relatively limited number of customers account for a large percentage
of our consolidated net sales. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 54.0% of our consolidated net sales. For the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 our largest customer
Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and its affiliates
 accounted for approximately 18.8%
 19.0% and 20.7%
 respectively
 of our consolidated net sales. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of the Company&#146;s consolidated net sales. Total trade
receivables with Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates represented 17.5% and 24.8% of our total trade receivables as of December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The Company had revenues from customers outside of the United States of
approximately 12.4%
 13.2%
 and 13.0% of total consolidated net sales in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively
 with 11.3%
 12.2%
 and 12.1% from Canada in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. Sales are determined based on the customer destination where
We generally ship
our products from inventory upon receipt of a customer order. In certain cases
 we produce to order. Sales order backlog is not material to our business. 
We have several competitors in each of our
segments. For sales of private label products to retailers
 the principal competitive factors are product quality
 quality of service
 and price. For sales of products to foodservice
 industrial
 and export customers
 the principal competitive
factors are price
 product quality
 specifications
 and reliability of service. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of non-dairy powdered creamer
 pickles
 and private label single serve hot beverages in the United States
 based on volume
and the largest manufacturer of private label salad dressings
 powdered drink mixes
 trail mixes
 and instant hot cereals in the United States and Canada
 based on sales volume. 

relative to our competitors. The principal competitive factors for sales of our branded products to consumers are brand recognition and loyalty
 product quality
 promotion
 and price. Some of our branded competitors have significantly greater
Recent trends impacting competition include an increase in snacking and awareness of healthier and
&#147;better for you&#148; foods. These trends
 together with a surge of specialty retailers who cater to consumers looking for either the highest quality ingredients
 unique packaging
 products to satisfy particular dietary needs
 or value
offerings where consumers are looking to maximize their food purchasing power
 create pressure on manufacturers to provide a full array of products to meet customer and consumer demand. 

 which include providing superior product quality
 effective cost control
 an
efficient supply chain
 successful innovation programs
 and competitive pricing
 allow us to compete effectively. 

 we do not consider any trademark to be of such material
importance that its absence would cause a material disruption of our business. No trademark is material to any one segment. 
 





 Nalley
 Peter Piper


 


 Roddenbery&#146;s Northwoods
. Non-dairy
 trademark



 and our jams and other sauces are sold


 certain
mayonnaise
 dressings



 the Company acquired the 
and 



 Naturally Fresh
 
In the aggregate
 our sales do not vary
significantly by quarter but are slightly weighted towards the second half of the year
 particularly in the fourth quarter
 with a more pronounced impact on profitability. As our product portfolio has grown
 we have shifted to a higher percentage of
cold weather products. Products that show a higher level of seasonality include non-dairy powdered creamer
 coffee
 specialty teas
 cappuccinos
 and hot cereal
 all of which have higher sales in the first and fourth quarters. Additionally
 sales of
soup and snack nuts are highest in the fourth quarter. Warmer weather products such as dressings and pickles typically have higher sales in the second quarter
 while drink mixes show higher sales in the second and third quarters. As a result of our
product portfolio and the related seasonality
 our financing needs are highest in the second and third quarters due to inventory builds
 while cash flow is highest in the first and fourth quarters following the seasonality of our sales. 
Foreign
sales information is set forth in Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 soybean
oil
 coconut oil
 casein
 oats
 wheat
 cheese
 corn syrup
 coffee
 tea
 cucumbers
 peppers
 nuts
 and fruit. These ingredients are generally purchased under supply contracts
 and we occasionally engage in forward buying when we determine such buying
to be to our advantage. We believe these ingredients generally are available from a number of suppliers. The cost of raw materials used in our products may fluctuate due to weather conditions
 regulations
 industry and general U.S. and global
economic conditions
 fuel prices
 energy costs
 labor disputes
 transportation delays
 political unrest
 or other unforeseen circumstances. The most important packaging materials and supplies used in our operations are glass
 plastic
 and corrugated
containers
 metal closures
 and metal cans. Most packaging materials are purchased under long-term supply contracts. We believe these packaging materials are generally available from a number of suppliers. Volatility in the cost of our raw materials
and packaging supplies can adversely affect our performance
 as price changes often lag behind changes in costs
 and we are not always able to adjust our pricing to reflect changes in raw material and supply costs. 
 




 see Part 1
Item&nbsp;1A &#151; 

seasonality of vegetable and fruit production being driven by harvest cycles
 which occur primarily during late spring and summer
 inventories generally are at a low point in late spring and at a high point during the fall
 increasing our working
capital requirements. In addition
 we build inventories of salad dressings in the spring and inventories of soup and nuts in the summer months in anticipation of large seasonal shipments that begin late in the second and third quarters
respectively. Our long-term financing needs depend largely on potential acquisition activity. Our $900 million revolving credit facility (the &#147;Revolving Credit Facility&#148;)
 plus cash flow from operations
 is expected to be adequate to
Research and
Sample preparation
 plant trials
 ingredient approval
 and other quality control procedures are conducted at all our manufacturing
facilities. Research and development expense totaled $12.8 million
 $17.5 million
 and $11.1 million in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively
 and is included in the General and administrative line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. Below is a
list of our facilities and related research and development activities: 










Atlanta
 GA


 dips

Ayer
 MA


 salad dressings
 sauces

Brooklyn Park
 MN



Cambridge
 MD


 broths
 and gravies

Delta
 British Columbia
 Canada



Dixon
 IL



Green Bay
 WI



Manawa
 WI


 powdered drinks

Medina
 NY


 dry dinners
 sweeteners

Mississauga
 Ontario
 Canada


 dry dinners
 sweeteners

North East
 PA



Oak Brook
 IL



Pecatonica
 IL


 powdered creamer

Pittsburgh
 PA


 infant feeding

Richmond Hill
 Ontario
 Canada


 broths
 and gravies

San Antonio
 TX



St. Paul
 MN



Winona
 Ontario
 Canada


 fruit-based products
 sauces
As of
December&nbsp;31
 2014
 our work force consisted of approximately 6
181 full-time employees
 with 5
353 in the United States and 828 in Canada. 
We make available
 free of charge
through the &#147;Investor Relations &#151; SEC Filings&#148; link on our Internet website at www.treehousefoods.com
 our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed
or furnished pursuant to Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the 1934 Act
 
 




as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. We use our Internet website
 through the &#147;Investor Relations&#148; link
 as a
channel for routine distribution of important information
 including news releases
 analyst presentations
 and financial information. Copies of any materials the Company files with the SEC can be obtained free of charge through the SEC&#146;s
website at http://www.sec.gov
 at the SEC&#146;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549
 or by calling the SEC&#146;s Office of Investor Education and Assistance at 1-800-732-0330. 
The
conduct of our businesses
 and the production
 distribution
 sale
 labeling
 safety
 transportation
 and use of our products
 are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal
 state
 and local governmental agencies in the United
States
 as well as to foreign laws and regulations administered by government entities and agencies in markets where we operate. It is our policy to abide by the laws and regulations that apply to our businesses. 

consumption and treatment
 air quality
 waste handling and disposal
 and other regulations intended to protect public health and the environment. We are committed to meeting all applicable environmental compliance requirements. 

 a material financial impact on our capital
expenditures
Executive Officers as of February&nbsp;19
 2015 


















 President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Reed has served as the Chief Executive Officer since January 2005 and President since July&nbsp;2011.
















 Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary since January 2005.








 Acquisition Integration since May 2013. Executive Vice President since July 2011.








 Inc. and President of Bay Valley Foods
 LLC since July 2012.








 Human Resources for TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. since January 2005 and Chief Administrative Officer of Bay Valley Foods
 LLC since July 2008.








 Corporate Development since October 2006.








 Chief Strategy Officer since May 2014.

 






In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Report
 the
following risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company also may impair the
Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to fund acquisitions or to
As of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 we had $1
459.9 million of
outstanding indebtedness which included $554 million outstanding under our $900 million Revolving Credit Facility that matures May&nbsp;6
 2019
 a $298.5 million senior unsecured term loan (the &#147;Term Loan&#148;) maturing on May&nbsp;6
 2021
 a
$197.5 million senior unsecured term loan (the &#147;Acquisition Term Loan&#148;) that matures on May&nbsp;6
 2019
 $400 million of 4.875% notes due March&nbsp;15
 2022 (the &#147;2022 Notes&#148;)
 and $9.9 million of tax increment financing
capital lease obligations
 and other debt. The inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations
 or to refinance our debt obligations on commercially reasonable terms
 would have a material adverse effect on our business
financial condition and results of operations.&nbsp;In addition
 the inability to access additional borrowing at commercially reasonable terms could affect our ability to pursue additional acquisitions.&nbsp;United States capital credit markets have
experienced volatility
 dislocations
 and liquidity disruptions that caused tightened access to capital markets and other sources of funding.&nbsp;Capital and credit markets and the U.S. and global economies could be affected by additional
volatility or economic downturns in the future.&nbsp;Events affecting the credit markets could have an adverse effect on other financial markets in the United States
 which may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the
issuance of common stock or other equity securities.&nbsp;There can be no assurance that future volatility or disruption in the capital and credit markets will not impair our liquidity or increase our costs of borrowing.&nbsp;Our business could also
be negatively impacted if our suppliers or customers experience disruptions resulting from tighter capital and credit markets
 or a slowdown in the general economy.&nbsp;Any of these risks could impair our ability to fund our operations or limit our
ability to expand our business and could possibly increase our interest expense
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 


 2014
 the aggregate principal amount of our debt instruments with exposure to interest rate risk was approximately $1
050.0 million
based on the outstanding debt balance of our revolving credit facility. As a result
 higher interest rates will increase the cost of servicing our financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk
 and could materially reduce our
profitability and cash flows. As of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 each one percentage point change in interest rates would result in an approximate $10.5 million change in the annual cash interest expense
 before any principal payment
 on our financial
instruments with exposure to interest rate risk. 

U.S. dollars
 accordingly
 the profitability of the Canadian subsidiaries are subject to foreign currency transaction gains and losses that affect earnings. We manage the impact of foreign currency fluctuations related to raw material purchases
We
translate the Canadian assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates. Accordingly
 we are exposed to volatility in the translation of foreign currency earnings due to fluctuations in the value of the
Canadian dollar
 which may negatively impact the Company&#146;s results of operations and financial position. 
 



As we are dependent upon a limited number of customers
 the loss of a significant customer
 or consolidation
of our customer base
A limited number of customers represent a large percentage of our consolidated
net sales. Our operating results are contingent on our ability to maintain our sales to these customers. The competition to supply products to these high volume customers is very strong. We expect that a significant portion of our net sales will
continue to arise from a small number of customers
 consisting primarily of traditional grocery retailers
 mass merchandisers
 and foodservice operators. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 our ten largest customers accounted for
approximately 54.0% of our consolidated net sales. These customers typically do not enter into written contracts
 and the contracts that they do enter into generally are terminable at will. Our customers make purchase decisions based on a
combination of price
 product quality
 and customer service performance. If our product sales to one or more of these customers decline
 this reduction may have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial
Further
 over the past several years
 the retail grocery and foodservice industries have experienced a consolidation trend
 which has resulted
in mass merchandisers and non-traditional grocers gaining market share. As our customer base continues to consolidate
 we expect competition to intensify as we compete for the business of fewer large customers. As this trend continues and such
customers grow larger
 they may seek to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency
 lower pricing or increased promotional programs. If we are unable to use our scale
 product innovation
 and category leadership
positions to respond to these demands
 our profitability or volume growth could be negatively impacted. Additionally
 if the surviving entity of a consolidation or similar transaction is not a current customer of the Company
 we may lose significant
Increases in input costs
 such as ingredients
 packaging materials
 and fuel costs
 could adversely
The costs of raw materials
 packaging materials
 and fuel have varied widely in recent years and future changes in such costs may
cause our results of operations and our operating margins to fluctuate significantly. While individual input cost changes varied throughout the year
 with certain costs increasing and others decreasing
 input costs remained relatively flat in 2014
We manage the impact of increases in
the costs of raw materials
 wherever possible
 by locking in prices on quantities required to meet our production requirements. In addition
 we attempt to offset the effect of such increases by raising prices to our customers. However
 changes in
the prices of our products may lag behind changes in the costs of our materials. Competitive pressures may also limit our ability to quickly raise prices in response to increased raw materials
 packaging
 and fuel costs. Accordingly
 if we are
unable to increase our prices to offset increasing raw material
 packaging
 and fuel costs
 our operating profits and margins could be materially affected. In addition
 in instances of declining input costs
 customers may look for price reductions
Our private label and regionally branded products may not be able to compete
For sales of private label products to retailers
 the principal competitive factors are price
 product
quality
 and quality of service. For sales of private label products to consumers
 the principal competitive factors are price and product quality. In many cases
 competitors with nationally branded products have a competitive advantage over private
label products due to name recognition. In addition
 when branded competitors focus on price and promotion
 the environment for private label producers becomes more challenging because the price differential between private label products and
branded products may become less significant. 
 




historical performance of our product sales relative to our competitors. The principal competitive factors for sales of our branded products to consumers are brand recognition and loyalty
 product quality
 promotion
 and price. Most of our branded
Competitive pressures or other factors could cause us to lose market
share
 which may require us to lower prices
 increase the use of discounting or promotional programs
 or increase marketing expenditures
 each of which would adversely affect our margins and could result in a decrease in our operating results and
profitability. 

competitors have substantial financial
 marketing and other resources
 and competition with them in our various business segments and product lines could cause us to reduce prices
 increase capital
 marketing or other expenditures
 or lose category
share
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Category share and growth could also be adversely impacted if we are not successful in introducing new products. 

food retailer
 super center
 mass merchandiser
 or foodservice distributors
 until the next bidding process. Our sales volume may decrease significantly if our offer is too high and we lose the ability to sell products through these channels
 even
temporarily. Alternatively
 we risk reducing our margins if our offer is successful but below our desired price point. Either of these outcomes may adversely affect our results of operations. 
We may be unsuccessful in our future acquisition endeavors
 if any
 which may have an adverse effect on our business. 

 our future growth depends
 in large part
 on our acquisition of additional food manufacturing businesses
 products or
processes. We may be unable to identify suitable targets
 opportunistic or otherwise
 for acquisition or make acquisitions at favorable prices. If we identify a suitable acquisition candidate
 our ability to successfully implement the acquisition
would depend on a variety of factors
Acquisitions involve risks
 including those
associated with integrating the operations
 financial reporting
 disparate technologies
 and personnel of acquired companies; managing geographically dispersed operations; the diversion of management&#146;s attention from other business concerns;
the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have either limited or no direct experience; unknown risks; and the potential loss of key employees
 customers
 and strategic partners of acquired companies. We may not
successfully integrate businesses or technologies we acquire in the future and may not achieve anticipated revenue and cost benefits. Acquisitions may not be accretive to our earnings and may negatively impact our results of operations due to
 among
other things
 the incurrence of debt
 onetime write-offs of goodwill
 and amortization expenses of other intangible assets. In addition
 future acquisitions could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities. 
We may be unable to anticipate changes in consumer preferences
 which may result in decreased demand for our products. 

 eating habits
 and overall purchasing trends of consumers and to offer products that
appeal to their preferences. Consumer preferences change from time to time
 and our failure to anticipate
 identify
 or react to these changes could result in reduced demand for our products
 which would adversely affect our operating results and
profitability. 
 



We may be subject to product liability claims for misbranded
 adulterated
 contaminated or spoiled food
We sell food products for human consumption
 which involves risks such as product contamination or spoilage
 misbranding
 product tampering
and other adulteration of food products. Consumption of a misbranded
 adulterated
 contaminated or spoiled product may result in personal illness or injury. We could be subject to claims or lawsuits relating to an actual or alleged illness or
injury
 and we could incur liabilities that are not insured or that exceed our insurance coverage. Even if product liability claims against us are not successful or fully pursued
 these claims could be costly and time consuming
 and may require
management to spend time defending the claims rather than operating our business. A product that has been actually or allegedly misbranded or becomes adulterated could result in product withdrawals
 product recalls
 destruction of product inventory
negative publicity
 temporary plant closings
 and substantial costs of compliance or remediation. Any of these events
 including a significant product liability judgment against us
 could result in a loss of confidence in our food products
 which
could have an adverse effect on our financial condition
 results of operations
New laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or
The food industry is subject to a variety of federal
 state
 local
 and foreign laws and regulations
including those related to food safety
 food labeling
 and environmental matters. Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies
 healthcare costs
 energy usage
 international trade
 immigration
 and other labor issues
 all of which may have
a direct or indirect effect on our business or those of our customers or suppliers. Changes in these laws or regulations
 or the introduction of new laws or regulations
 could increase the costs of doing business for the Company
 our customers
 or
suppliers
 or restrict our actions
Increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide
and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change may result in increased compliance costs
 capital expenditures
 and other financial obligations for us. We use natural gas
 diesel fuel
 and electricity in the
manufacturing and distribution of our products. Legislation or regulation affecting these inputs could materially affect our profitability. In addition
 climate change could affect our ability to procure needed commodities at costs and in quantities
we currently experience
Our business operations could be disrupted if our
The efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. We
rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we
anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems
may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 system failures
 security breaches
 and viruses. If we are unable to prevent security breaches
 we may suffer business disruption
theft of intellectual property
 trade secrets
 or customer information and unauthorized access to personnel
 customer
 or otherwise confidential information. Such unauthorized disclosure of information may lead to financial or reputational damage or
penalties
 which could cause significant damage to our reputation
 affect our relationships with our customers
 or lead to claims against the Company or governmental investigations and proceedings
 any of which could result in our exposure to
material civil or criminal liability and ultimately harm our business. To the extent that our business is interrupted or data is lost
 destroyed
 or inappropriately used or disclosed
 such disruptions could adversely affect our competitive position
relationships with our customers
 financial condition
 operating results
 and cash flows. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition
 we may be required to incur significant costs to protect
against the damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. 
 



Changes in weather conditions
 natural disasters
 and other events beyond our control could adversely affect
Changes in weather conditions and natural disasters such as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes
 hurricanes
 fires
 or
pestilence
 may affect the cost and supply of commodities and raw materials. Additionally
 these events could result in reduced supplies of raw materials. Our competitors may be affected differently by weather conditions and natural disasters
depending on the location of their suppliers and operations. Further
 our earnings may be affected by seasonal factors including the seasonality of our supplies and consumer demand. Damage or disruption to our production or distribution capabilities
due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
 pandemic
 strikes
 or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Failure to take adequate steps to reduce the likelihood or mitigate the potential impact of such
events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 particularly when a product is sourced from a single location
 could adversely affect our business and results of operations
 as well as require additional resources to restore our supply
Disruption of our supply chain or distribution capabilities could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 and results of
Our ability to manufacture
 move
 and sell products is critical to our success. We are subject to damage or disruption to raw material
supplies or our manufacturing or distribution capabilities (in particular
 to the extent that our raw materials are sourced globally) due to weather
 including any potential effects of climate change
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
 adverse
changes in political conditions or political unrest
 pandemic
 strikes
 import restrictions
 or other factors that could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products.&nbsp;Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or
potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations
 as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain. 


 collective bargaining agreements cover a significant number of our full-time distribution
 production
 and maintenance employees. A dispute with a
union or employees represented by a union could result in production interruptions caused by work stoppages. If a strike or work stoppage were to occur
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. 





 






We operate the following production facilities
 the majority of which
we own
 as shown below. We lease our principal executive offices in Oak Brook
 Illinois and other office space in Green Bay
 Wisconsin; Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania; St. Paul
 Minnesota; Richmond Hill
 Ontario
 Canada; and Mississauga
 Ontario
 Canada.
We believe our owned and leased facilities are suitable for our operations and provide sufficient capacity to meet our requirements for the foreseeable future. On August&nbsp;7
 2012
 the Company announced the planned closing of the Mendota
Illinois and Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada facilities. The Mendota
 Illinois facility ended production as of December&nbsp;31
 2012 and the Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada facility ended production in December 2013
 with full plant closure occurring in the
first quarter of 2014. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding these closures. The following chart lists the location and principal products by segment produced at our production facilities at
December&nbsp;31
 2014: 


















Atlanta
 Georgia


 sauces





2

Ayer
 Massachusetts


 dressings





2

Brooklyn Park
 Minnesota







Cambridge
 Maryland


 broths





3

City of Industry
 California






2
3

Chicago
 Illinois







Delta
 British Columbia
 Canada






3

Dixon
 Illinois


 puddings





3

Faison
 North Carolina


 peppers
 relish





2
3

Green Bay
 Wisconsin


 peppers
 relish





2
3

Kenosha
 Wisconsin







Manawa
 Wisconsin






2
3

Medina
 New York


 beverage enhancers
 dry dinners





2
3

New Hampton
 Iowa







North East
 Pennsylvania






3

Pecatonica
 Illinois






2
3

Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania


 broths
 gravies





3

Plymouth
 Indiana


 peppers





2
3

Richmond Hill
 Ontario
 Canada


 broths





3

Robersonville
 North Carolina






3

San Antonio
 Texas






2
3

St. Paul
 Minnesota






3

Wayland
 Michigan






3

Winona
 Ontario
 Canada


 pie fillings





2
3






















We are party to a variety of legal proceedings arising out of
the conduct of our business. While the results of proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty
 management believes that the final outcome of these proceedings will not have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 





 



 



Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

prices of our common stock as quoted on the NYSE for each quarter of 2014 and 2013 are provided in the table below: 

















































































































The closing sales price of our common stock on January&nbsp;30
 2015
 as reported on the NYSE
 was $90.70 per share. On
January&nbsp;30
 2015
 there were 2
We have not paid any cash dividends on the common stock and currently
anticipate that
 for the foreseeable future
 we will retain any earnings for the development of our business. Accordingly
 no dividends are expected to be declared or paid on the common stock. The declaration of dividends is at the discretion of our
board of directors (&#147;Board of Directors&#148;). 
 



 

common stock for the period from December&nbsp;31
 2009 through December&nbsp;31
 2014. The graph and accompanying table compare the cumulative total stockholders&#146; return on our common stock with the cumulative total return of the S&amp;P
MidCap 400 Index
 S&amp;P SmallCap 600 Index
 Russell 2000 Index
 and the Current and Previous Peer Group Indices. Our Current Peer Group includes the following companies based on the similar nature of their business to ours: Kraft Foods Group
Inc.; General Mills
 Inc.; Kellogg Co.; ConAgra Foods
 Inc.; Post Holdings
 Inc.; Campbell Soup Co.; McCormick&nbsp;&amp; Co.
 Inc.; JM Smucker Co.; Cott Corp.; Lancaster Colony Corp.; Flowers Foods
 Inc.; The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.;
Snyder&#146;s-Lance
 Inc.; J&amp;J Snack Foods Corp.; B&amp;G Foods
 Inc.; Farmer Bros. Co.; Dean Foods; and Pinnacle Foods
 Inc. Our Previous Peer Group was the same as our Current Peer Group
 except that the Previous Peer Group did not include
Cott Corp.; Post Holdings
 Inc.; Dean Foods; or Pinnacle Foods
 Inc. and included Hillshire Brands Co.; Archer Daniels Midland
 Co.; and Ingredion
 Inc. Hillshire Brands Co. was removed as it was acquired during 2014
 while the remaining changes
were made to better align our peer group with the operations of the Company. Lastly
 the S&amp;P index fund changed to the S&amp;P MidCap 400 Index from the S&amp;P SmallCap 600 Index last year
 as a result of the growth of the Company. The graph
assumes an investment of $100 on December&nbsp;31
 2009
 in each of TreeHouse Foods&#146; common stock
 the stocks comprising the S&amp;P MidCap 400 Index
 S&amp;P SmallCap 600 Index
 Russell 2000 Index
 and the Current and Previous Peer Group
Comparison of Cumulative Total Return of $100 among Treehouse Foods
 Inc.
 S&amp;P MidCap 400 Index
 
S&amp;P SmallCap 600 Index
 Russell 2000 Index
 and the Current and Previous Peer Group Indices 


 























































TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.



























































































































































 



 

of December&nbsp;31
 2014: 


















Options
 Warrants


Exercise Price
of



securities
reflected in



























TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan




























































2
662







1
348




















 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan. 




 we have disregarded the restricted stock units and
performance units for purposes of computing the weighted-average exercise price. 
 






The following selected financial data as of and for each
of the five years in the period ended December&nbsp;31
 2014. The selected financial data should be read in conjunction with Item&nbsp;7
 and our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes. 



























Year Ended December&nbsp;31






















(In thousands
 except per share data)




























946





293





182





049





817







339





818





728





576





385



























































































































































Other operating expense (income)
 net





















































































































































































































































Other expense (income)
 net

































































































Income from continuing operations
 before income taxes














































































































































































































































































903





721





525





404





391







445

















































































759





273





179





073
























 







We are a consumer food and beverage
manufacturer operating 24 facilities in the United States and Canada that has a comprehensive offering of packaging formats and flavor profiles
 and we also offer natural
 organic and preservative-free ingredients in many categories. We believe we
are the largest manufacturer of private label salad dressings
 powdered drink mixes
 trail mixes
 and instant hot cereals in the United States and Canada
 and the largest manufacturer of private label single serve hot beverages
 non-dairy powdered
creamer
 and pickles in the United States
We sell our products to the retail grocery
 foodservice
 and industrial and
export channels. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 sales to the retail grocery
 foodservice
 and industrial and export channels represented 73.8%
 12.9%
 and 13.3%
 respectively
 of our consolidated net sales. A majority of our sales are
In 2014
 based on available industry data
 the U.S. private label consumer packaged goods market
 in total
 had an approximate
17.5% market share.&nbsp;This market share has improved over the years
 increasing approximately 140 basis points since 2009.&nbsp;While the private label market share has grown in recent years
 the total market share remains lower than that of
Europe
 where private label food has an approximate 33% market share.&nbsp;We expect over time
 that the private label market share in the United States will approach the levels currently present in Europe
 but due to structural differences
 we do
not anticipate this in the short term.&nbsp;In 2014
 based on available industry data
 private label products sold in the retail grocery channel in the United States compete with branded products on the basis of equivalent quality at a lower price.
These private label products comprise the following approximate market share percentages of all products in their respective categories: 








































































Our strategy is to be the leading supplier of private label food and beverage products by providing the best balance of
quality and cost to our customers. We intend to grow our business and enhance profitability and customer relationships through the following strategic initiatives: 





 As grocery retailers become more demanding of their private label food product suppliers
 they have come to expect strategic insight
 product innovation
 customer service
 and
logistical economies of scale similar to those of our branded competitors. To this end
 we are continually developing
 investing in
 and expanding our private label food product offerings and capabilities in these areas. In addition to our low cost
manufacturing
 we have invested in research and development
 product and packaging innovation
 category management
 information technology systems
 and other capabilities. We believe that these investments enable us to provide a broad and growing
array of private label food products that generally meet or exceed the value and quality of branded competitors that have comparable sales
 marketing
 innovation
 and category management support. We believe that we are well positioned to expand our
market share with grocery retailers given our differentiated capabilities
 breadth of product offerings
 and geographic reach. 
 








: The U.S. retail food industry has continued to bifurcate from traditional food retailers (those who carry a full array of refrigerated
 frozen
 and shelf
stable products) to specialty retailers (which cater to consumers who migrate to either end of the value spectrum). These specialty retailers tend to focus on either value offerings for consumers looking for the maximum value of their food
purchases
 or catering to consumers looking for the highest quality ingredients
 unique packaging
 or products to satisfy particular dietary needs. We offer a broad array of innovative products that we believe meet the &#147;good
 better
 and
best&#148; needs of both traditional grocers and specialty retailers. 





 We believe we can drive organic growth from our existing product portfolio. Through insights gained from our Economic Value Added
(&#147;EVA&#148;) analyses
 we develop operating strategies that enable us to focus our resources and investments on products and categories that we believe offer the highest potential. Additionally
 EVA analyses identify products and categories
that lag the broader portfolio and require corrective action. We believe EVA analysis is a helpful tool that maximizes the full potential of our product offerings. 






Leverage Cross-Selling Opportunities Across Customers
 Sales Channels
 and Geographies:
 soup
salad dressing
 powdered drinks
 instant hot cereals
 trail mixes
 and pickles
 as well as a significant branded and private label food product market share in jams in Canada
 we believe we still have significant potential for growth with grocery
retailers and foodservice distributors that we either currently serve in a limited manner
 or do not currently serve. We believe that certain customers view our size and scale as an advantage over smaller private label food product producers
 many
of whom provide only a single category or service to a single customer or geography. Our ability to service customers across North America and across a wider spectrum of products and capabilities provides many opportunities for cross-selling to
customers who seek to reduce the number of private label food product suppliers they utilize. 





We believe we have the expertise and demonstrated ability to identify and integrate value-enhancing acquisitions. We selectively pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses that
we believe are a compelling strategic fit with our existing operations. Each potential acquisition is evaluated for merit utilizing a rigorous analysis that assesses targets for their market attractiveness
 intrinsic value
 and strategic fit. We
believe our acquisitions have been successful and consistent with our strategy. Since we began operating as an independent company in 2005
 our acquisitions have significantly added to our revenue base
 and allowed us to expand from an initial base
of two center-of-store
 shelf stable food categories to more than ten. We attempt to maintain conservative financial policies when pursuing acquisitions and we believe that our proven integration strategies have resulted in rapid deleveraging. By
identifying targets that fit within our defined strategies
 we believe we can continue to expand our product selection and continue our efforts to be the low-cost
 high quality
 and innovative supplier of private label food products for our
customers. The merger and acquisition market continued to be active in 2014 and is expected to continue given low interest rates and the relatively soft organic growth anticipated in the food industry in 2015. As a result
 during 2014
 we completed
the acquisition of Protenergy for approximately $140 million
 net of acquired cash
 and Flagstone for approximately $854 million
 net of acquired cash.

 changes in financial condition
 and results
of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012. This should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to those Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 
Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information
 risks
 and assumptions associated with these statements. 
 




 2014 as compared to 2013
due to additional sales from acquisitions and improved volume/mix driven by our single serve hot beverage products.&nbsp;Unfavorable foreign exchange and reduced pricing offset the volume/mix increase in 2014. 

 to $442.2 million
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 compared to 2013. Although direct operating
income increased
 profitability as a percentage of net sales decreased due to costs associated with acquisitions
 rising freight rates
 lower margin products from acquisitions
 and foreign exchange. This resulted in total direct operating income as
a percentage of net sales decreasing to 15.0% for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
Throughout
2014
 and from a macroeconomic perspective
 the economy showed variability in key indicators such as consumer confidence
 personal consumption
 aggregate unemployment/underemployment
 and gross domestic product. Recent data suggests that
unemployment appears to be decreasing
 and household and disposable income increasing. While these recent trends appear to indicate that the broader economic environment is improving
 the benefits have not been recognized in the food
industry.&nbsp;For example
 overall food volumes were marginally lower year over year
 as were average gross margins in the packaged foods sector. This contraction has been experienced in both branded and private label portfolios.&nbsp;There is an
expectation that overall food consumption will grow in line with population growth
 but due to changing trends and purchasing patterns
 traditional processed/packaged food volumes growth is expected to trail the growth in other
sectors.&nbsp;However
With traditional
volume growth appearing to be limited in the short term
 sectors that have experienced growth at a faster rate have catered to shifting consumer tastes. Specifically
 customers are eating fewer formal meals and are instead snacking or grazing.
Coincident with this trend is a gradual change in the types of food desired. For example
 consumers appear to be more interested in foods described as being &#147;better for you
&#148; which include fresh or freshly prepared foods
 and natural
organic
 or specialty foods
 most of which are located at the perimeter of the store. These trends are prompting companies to increase or adjust their product offerings to cater to the customer
 while retaining their commitment to providing these
offerings at reasonable prices. Another trend in the market place is the increase in the number of shopping trips consumers are making and channels that consumers are frequenting. For example
 consumers are more willing to visit three or more stores
or channels to complete their shopping. This trend puts pressure on food manufacturers to produce the right product and to provide the product in the right size and place. We also expect that the recent decrease in gasoline costs will provide growth
in the Food Away From Home segment
 as consumers return to restaurants
 but due to timing
Recent
In the final quarter of 2014
 the Company experienced a confluence of events that resulted in lower sales and profitability than
expected. First
 the Company was impacted by a change in the timing of sales to a large mass merchant customer. Specifically
 sales across all categories in the final month of the year were significantly reduced as this customer appeared to more
closely manage its inventory levels. Subsequent to year end
 sales to this customer have rebounded to a normal level and we expect no significant changes throughout 2015. Second
 year-end consumption in the snack nuts category for both branded and
private label fell well short of consumer sales trends in the first nine months of 2014 and led to lower sales than we expected. We expect sales in the snack nuts category to return to historical norms and patterns of growth in 2015. Third
 the U.S.
dollar significantly strengthened compared to the Canadian dollar relative to the prior year
 partially due to the rapid decline in the price of oil. The average Canadian dollar exchange rate was approximately 6.7% weaker than the same period last
year. As a result
 the Company experienced higher foreign exchange losses and the Company&#146;s Canadian operations had reduced profitability
 as many of their input costs are sourced in the United States. 

 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of Flagstone from Gryphon Investors and other shareholders. Flagstone purchases
 prepares
packages
 distributes
 and sells branded and private label varieties of 
 




snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 snack mixes
 and other wholesome snacks to retailers in North America. The Company paid approximately $854 million
 net of acquired cash
 for the business
after considering adjustments for working capital. We expect the acquisition to expand our existing product offerings by allowing the Company to enter into the wholesome snack food category
 while also providing more exposure to the perimeter of the
store. The acquisition is being accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The acquisition was funded through a combination of borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility
 the new $200 million Acquisition Term Loan
 and the net
Also on July&nbsp;29
 2014
 the Company entered into an
Additional Credit Extension Amendment (the &#147;Amendment&#148;) to its Credit Agreement (as defined below) dated as of May&nbsp;6
 2014
 the proceeds of which were used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of Flagstone. The Amendment
 among other
things
 provided for the new $200 million senior unsecured Acquisition Term Loan. The Acquisition Term Loan matures on May&nbsp;6
 2019. The interest rates under the Acquisition Term Loan are based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
and are equal to (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00%. The Acquisition Term Loan is subject to substantially the same
covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
On July&nbsp;22
 2014
 the Company announced that it closed
the public offering of an aggregate of 4
950
331 shares of its common stock (the &#147;Shares&#148;)
 at a price of $75.50 per share. The Company used the net proceeds ($358 million) from the offering of the Shares to fund
 in part
 the acquisition
On May&nbsp;30
 2014
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of Protenergy from Whitecastle Investments Limited
Whitecap Venture Partners
 and others. Protenergy was a privately owned Canadian company that produces carton and recart broths
 soups
 and gravies
 both for private label and corporate brands
 and also serves as a co-manufacturer of national
brands. The Company paid approximately $140 million
 net of acquired cash
 for the business
 after considering an adjustment for working capital. The acquisition of Protenergy is expected to expand our existing packaging capabilities and enable us
to offer customers a full range of soup products
 as well as leverage our research and development capabilities in the evolution of shelf stable liquids from cans to cartons. The transaction was financed through borrowings under the Company&#146;s
On May&nbsp;6
 2014
 the
Company entered into a new
 unsecured Revolving Credit Facility with an aggregate commitment of $900 million and a $300 million Term Loan pursuant to a credit agreement (the &#147;Credit Agreement&#148;). The Revolving Credit Facility matures on
May&nbsp;6
 2019. The Term Loan matures on May&nbsp;6
 2021. We used the proceeds from the Term Loan and a draw at closing on the Revolving Credit Facility to repay in full amounts
 outstanding under the $750 million unsecured revolving credit
facility (the &#147;Prior Credit Agreement&#148;). The Credit Agreement replaced the Prior Credit Agreement
 and the Prior Credit Agreement was terminated upon the repayment of the amounts outstanding thereunder on May&nbsp;6
 2014. 

 2014
 the Company issued $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875% 2022 Notes due March&nbsp;15
 2022
 the proceeds of which were
intended to extinguish $400 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the previously issued 7.75% notes due March&nbsp;1
 2018 (the &#147;2018 Notes&#148;). Due to timing
 only $298 million of the proceeds were used in the first quarter to
extinguish the 2018 Notes. The remaining proceeds were used to temporarily pay down the Prior Credit Agreement. On April&nbsp;10
 2014
 the Company extinguished the remaining $102 million of 2018 Notes using borrowings under the Prior Credit
Agreement. 
 



 

 including information presented as a percentage of consolidated net sales:































Year Ended December&nbsp;31























































946









293









182











339









818









728















































































































































































Other operating expense
 net



















































































































































































































































































Other expense
 net



































































































































































































































































Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 Compared to
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;&#151; Net sales increased 28.4% to $2
946.1 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
2014
 compared to $2
293.9 million
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. Net sales are shown by segment in the following table: 



























Year Ended December&nbsp;31




























173





642












































































946





293






























 




 as well as a full
year of sales from Cains and Associated Brands (acquired in July 2013 and October 2013
 respectively). Volume/mix increases occurred in the beverages (primarily single serve hot beverages)
 aseptic
 and other products categories
 partially offset by
decreases in the beverage enhancers
 dressings
 cereals
 and jams categories. The increase of 4.0% in volume/mix was partially offset by a 0.9% decrease from unfavorable foreign exchange with Canada. 
&nbsp;&#151; All expenses incurred to bring a product to completion are included in cost of sales
 such as raw material and packaging
costs
 labor costs
 facility and equipment costs (including costs to operate and maintain our warehouses)
 as well as costs associated with transporting our finished products from our manufacturing facilities to distribution centers. Cost of sales
as a percentage of consolidated net sales increased slightly to 79.4% in 2014 from 79.3% in the prior year. In 2013
 cost of sales included $28.4 million of costs associated with restructurings
 facility consolidations
 and acquisition and
integration related costs
 while 2014 included $16.0 million in acquisition and integration related costs. After considering these items
 cost of sales as a percentage of net sales was approximately 80 basis points higher in 2014 than 2013. Lower
margin business from recent acquisitions and unfavorable exchange rates with Canada offset improved sales mix and operational efficiencies. Overall input costs on a year over year basis were relatively flat. 
&nbsp;&#151; Operating expenses increased to $388.5 million in 2014 compared to $297.4 million in 2013. The increase in
Selling and distribution expenses increased $39.6 million in 2014 compared to 2013. The increase was primarily due to
higher distribution and delivery costs resulting from acquisitions and rising freight rates related to increased regulation and tightening carrier capacity. Despite the increase in total costs
 as a percentage of net sales
 selling and distribution
General and administrative expenses increased $37.7 million in 2014 compared to 2013. The increase was primarily
related to acquisitions and general business growth
 as well as increases in incentive based compensation expense due to additional employees from acquisitions and Company performance. Included in the increase were additional net year over year
costs of $11.6 million from acquisition and integration activities. As a percentage of net sales
 general and administrative expenses were marginally higher at 5.4% in 2014
 compared to 5.3% in 2013. 


and the Seaforth salad dressing plant closure
 as the restructuring projects neared their completion. Restructuring costs related to accelerated depreciation were recorded in Cost of sales. 
&#151; Interest expense in 2014 was $42.0 million
 a decrease of $7.3 million from 2013 due to a decrease in average interest rates
&#151; Interest income of $1.0
million in 2014 related to interest earned on the cash held by our Canadian subsidiaries and gains on investments as discussed in Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
&#151; The impact of fluctuations in foreign currency was considerably more pronounced in 2014
 resulting in a loss of $13.4 million
in 2014
 versus a loss in 2013 of $2.9 million as the U.S dollar strengthened approximately 6.7% over the prior year. 
 



&#151; The Company incurred a $22.0 million loss on extinguishment of debt
Other expense (income)
 net 
 versus $3.2 million in
2013
&nbsp;&#151; Income tax expense was recorded at an effective rate of
34.2% for 2014 compared to 30.4% for 2013. The increase in the effective tax rate for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 as compared to 2013 was attributable to increased acquisition related expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes
 and
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 &#151;
Results by Segment 






















Year Ended December&nbsp;31


































173









642











714









282












































































































































Net sales in the North American Retail Grocery segment increased by $531.2 million
 or 32.3%
 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2014 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2013 to 2014 was due to the following: 





























642

































































173
















The increase in net sales from 2013 to 2014 was due to acquisitions and increased volume/mix
 partially offset by the impact
of unfavorable exchange rates with Canada. The Company experienced volume/mix gains in the beverages (primarily single serve hot beverages)
 pickles
 and other products categories
 partially offset by decreases in the beverage enhancers
 cereals
Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales increased from 78.1% in 2013 to 78.9% in 2014. Included in 2014 cost of sales was a
net year over year increase of $3.8 million in acquisition and integration costs. After considering the net increase
 cost of sales as a percentage of net sales increased by 60 basis points as compared to prior year. The lower margins from
acquisitions and the impact of foreign exchange were partially offset by improved volume/mix and operating efficiencies. The increase in cost of sales of $432.6 million was primarily due to acquisitions and sales mix. 
 




 or 37.0%
 primarily due to
acquisitions and rising freight rates. 























Year Ended December&nbsp;31











































































































































































































Net sales in the Food Away From Home segment increased by $19.2 million
 or 5.3%
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2013 to 2014 was due to the following: 














































































































Net sales increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily as a result of the full year impact of the 2013 Cains acquisition
partially offset by slightly lower volume/mix
 and unfavorable exchanges rates with Canada. Volume/mix increases in the aseptic products
 beverages (primarily single serve hot beverages)
 and other products categories
 were offset by reductions in
the dressings
 pickles
Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales increased from 80.2% in 2013
 to 81.6% in
2014
 primarily due to the impact of lower margin sales from acquisitions
 higher input costs
 and operational inefficiencies at several of our legacy plants. Also leading to a higher cost of sales was the impact of foreign exchange with Canada.
Freight out and commissions paid to independent brokers increased $1.3 million in 2014 compared to 2013. This increase was due to higher costs related to
acquisitions and rising freight rates
 partially offset by lower volumes. Freight and commissions were 3.8% of net sales
 a slight increase from 2013. 

 remaining relatively flat. 
 



 






















Year Ended December&nbsp;31











































































































































































































Net sales in the Industrial and Export segment increased by $101.8 million
 or 35.0%
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
2014 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2013 to 2014 was due to the following: 












































































































The increase in net sales was due to acquisitions and improved volume/mix
 partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange
with Canada. Volume/mix for the segment experienced a 5.7% increase compared to 2013
 as increases in the beverages category (primarily single serve hot beverages) were partially offset by reductions in the jams
 beverage enhancers
 and other
Cost of
sales
 as a percentage of net sales
 increased from 78.4% in 2013 to 79.8% in 2014
 due to the inclusion of lower margin products from acquisitions and the impact of foreign exchange. Included in cost of sales for 2014 was $1.8 million of
incremental acquisition and integration costs
Freight
out and commissions paid to independent sales brokers were $9.0 million in 2014 compared to $5.2 million in 2013. This increase was due to rising freight rates
 higher costs associated with acquisitions
 additional volume
 and increased export
Direct selling and marketing was $2.2 million in 2014 compared to $1.8 million in 2013. As a percentage of net sales
 direct selling and marketing
remained flat at 0.6% in 2014 and 2013. 
 



Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 
&nbsp;&#151; Net sales increased 5.1% to $2
293.9 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 compared to $2
182.1 million
 for the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. Net sales by segment are shown in the following table: 



























Year Ended December&nbsp;31
































642





568












































































293





182





























The increase in net sales was primarily due to the Cains and Associated Brands acquisitions
 as well as a full year of sales
from Naturally Fresh (acquired in April 2012). Pricing during the year was offset by reductions in volume/mix
 primarily in the soup
 aseptic
 pickles
 and dry dinners categories. The reductions in volume/mix were partially offset by increases in
&nbsp;&#151; All expenses incurred to bring a
product to completion are included in cost of sales
 such as raw material and packaging costs
 labor costs
 facility
 and equipment costs (including costs to operate and maintain our warehouses)
 as well as costs associated with transporting our
finished products from our manufacturing facilities to distribution centers. Cost of sales as a percentage of consolidated net sales increased to 79.3% in 2013 from 79.2% in the prior year. Contributing to the increase in cost of sales
 as a percent
of net sales
 was an incremental $16.1 million of costs associated with restructurings
 facility consolidations
 and acquisitions as compared to 2012
 as well as higher cost of sales associated with the Cains and Associated Brands businesses.
&nbsp;&#151; Operating expenses increased to
Selling and distribution expenses decreased
$1.8 million in 2013 compared to 2012
 and as a percentage of net sales
 decreased to 5.9% in 2013 from 6.3% in 2012. The decrease is primarily due to decreased distribution and delivery costs resulting from efficiencies such as increased
utilization of existing shipping capacity and strategic product positioning to reduce distribution expense. Also contributing to the decrease were lower freight costs and volume
 as the Company experienced a shift in sales mix to lighter products
which were partially offset by additional costs from the Cains
 Associated Brands
General and administrative expenses
increased $18.1 million in 2013 compared to 2012. The increase was primarily related to increases in incentive based compensation expense due to increased profitability
 as well as the Cains
 Associated Brands
 and Naturally Fresh acquisitions. 

(&#147;ERP&#148;) system costs and additional amortization of intangibles acquired in the Cains
 Associated Brands
 and Naturally Fresh acquisitions. 

restructuring and the Seaforth salad dressing plant closure as compared to 2012. Restructuring costs related to accelerated depreciation were recorded in Cost of sales. 
&#151; Interest expense in 2013 was $49.3 million
 a decrease of $2.3 million from 2012 due to a decrease in interest rates and lower
average debt levels. 
 



&#151; Interest income of $2.2 million in 2013 related to interest earned on the cash held
&#151; The
impact of changes in foreign currency resulted in a loss of $2.9 million in 2013
Other expense (income)
 net

 versus a loss of $1.3 million in 2012
 primarily due to the write off of the Company&#146;s investment in a small
 pepper related company in New Mexico
 partially offset by mark
&nbsp;&#151; Income tax expense was recorded at an effective rate of 30.4% for 2013 compared
to 28.9% for 2012. The increase in the effective tax rate for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 as compared to 2012 was attributable to an unfavorable mix of pre-tax income between the U.S. and Canada
 transaction costs associated with the
Associated Brands acquisition that were not deductible for tax purposes
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 &#151; Results by Segment 























Year Ended December&nbsp;31


































642









568











282









219












































































































































Net sales in the North American Retail Grocery segment increased by $74.2 million
 or 4.7%
 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2012 to 2013 was due to the following: 





























568

































































642
















The increase in net sales from 2012 to 2013 was due to acquisitions
 increased volume/mix
 and pricing. Overall North American
Retail Grocery volume (in pounds) decreased from 2012
 as heavier products like soup
 pickles
 and dry dinners were offset by lighter products such as single serve hot beverages. This shift in mix resulted in an overall increase in volume/mix of
0.7% in 2013. Losses in the soup category
 resulting from the partial loss of business from a customer
 were the most significant and accounted for approximately a 3.1% loss in volume/mix. The remaining categories accounted for a 3.8% increase in
volume/mix. 
 




cost of sales from the Cains and Associated Brands acquisitions. Also contributing to the increase was a year over year increase of acquisition and integration related expenses that are included in cost of goods sold. Before considering the current
year acquisitions and the acquisition and integration expenses
 cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales in 2013 was only slightly lower than 2012. 

 or 5.6%
 primarily due to efficiencies such as increased utilization of
existing shipping capacity and strategic product positioning to reduce distribution expense. Also contributing to the decrease were lower freight costs and volume
 as the Company experienced a shift in sales mix to lighter products
 that was
partially offset by additional costs from the Cains and Associated Brands acquisitions
Direct selling
and marketing increased $1.4 million primarily due to the Cains and Associated Brands acquisitions. 























Year Ended December&nbsp;31











































































































































































































Net sales in the Food Away From Home segment increased by $22.5 million
 or 6.7%
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2012 to 2013 was due to the following: 














































































































Net sales increased in 2013 compared to 2012 as a result of acquisitions and price increases that were partially offset by
volume/mix reductions
Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales decreased from 81.0% in 2012
 to 80.2%
in 2013
 primarily due to the rationalization of low margin aseptic and pickles business. Additionally
 cost savings from operating efficiencies were partially offset by higher cost of sales from the Cains
 Associated Brands
 and Naturally Fresh
Freight out and commissions paid to independent brokers increased $0.5 million in 2013 compared to 2012. Additional costs associated with
the Cains and Associated Brands acquisitions and a full year of costs for Naturally Fresh were partially offset by decreased freight costs
 lower volume
 and a shift in sales mix. Freight and commissions were 3.6% of net sales
 a slight decrease
from 2012. 
 




 reflecting the
Cains and Associated Brands acquisitions. 






















Year Ended December&nbsp;31











































































































































































































Net sales in the Industrial and Export segment increased by $15.1 million
 or 5.5%
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2012 to 2013 was due to the following: 












































































































The increase in net sales was due to acquisitions
 partially offset by pricing. Volume/mix for the segment experienced a
slight increase
 as increases in the beverages category (primarily single serve hot beverages) were partially offset by reductions in the soup and infant feeding and beverage enhancers categories. 

 as a percentage of net sales
 decreased from 81.1% in 2012 to 78.4% in 2013
 primarily due to sales mix
 cost savings from operating
efficiencies
 partially offset by higher cost of sales for the Cains
 Associated Brands
Freight out and commissions
paid to independent sales brokers were $5.2 million in 2013 compared to $5.9 million in 2012. This decrease was due to lower volumes and freight costs. 

The costs of raw
materials
 ingredients
 packaging materials
 fuel
 and energy have been volatile in recent years and future changes in such costs may cause our results of operations and our operating margins to fluctuate significantly. While the increases or
decreases in our input costs varied among the categories
 our input costs were relatively flat on an overall basis from 2013 to 2014. However
 we expect these costs to continue to be volatile with an overall long-term upward trend. We manage the
impact for cost increases
 wherever possible
 on commercially reasonable terms
 by locking in prices on the quantities required to meet our production requirements. In addition
 we offset the effect of increased costs by raising prices to our
customers. However
 for competitive reasons
 we may not be able to pass along the full effect of increases in raw materials and other input costs as we incur them. 
 




array of refrigerated
 frozen
 and shelf stable products) to specialty retailers (which cater to consumers who migrate to either end of the value spectrum). These specialty retailers tend to focus on either value offerings for consumers looking for
the maximum value for their food purchases
 or catering to consumers looking for the highest quality ingredients
 unique packaging
 or products to satisfy particular dietary needs. Additionally
 consumers are eating less formal meals and are instead
snacking or grazing. Coincident with this trend is a gradual change in the types of food desired. For example
 consumers appear to be more interested in foods described as being &#147;better for you
&#148; which include fresh or freshly prepared
foods
 and natural
 organic
 or specialty foods
 most of which are located at the perimeter of the store. Another trend in the market place is the increase in the number of shopping trips consumers are making and channels that consumers are
frequenting. For example
 consumers are more willing to visit three or more stores or channels to complete their shopping. This trend puts pressure on food manufacturers to produce the right product and to provide the product in the right size and
place. We believe we have the necessary resources available to address these trends and to continue to focus on consumer&#146;s needs. This changing behavior has prompted us to develop new formulations
 packaging
 and sizes to meet customer and
During 2014
 the U.S. dollar strengthened
 resulting in higher input costs for Canadian produced products
 as many of the inputs are
sourced in the United States. Based on available information
 the Company believes the U.S. dollar may continue to strengthen throughout 2015
 resulting in further foreign exchange losses. The Company estimates the impact on input costs to be
approximately $2 million for each one cent change in the exchange rate between the U.S. and Canadian dollars. In addition to higher input costs
 the Company is impacted by the re-measurement of the Canadian dollar denominated intercompany loans and
the translation of the Canadian dollar financial statements. 

grocers
 such as those offering a limited assortment of products
 to gain market share. As our customer base continues to consolidate
 we expect competition to intensify as we compete for the business of fewer
 large customers. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to keep our existing customers
 or gain new customers. As the consolidation of the retail grocery and foodservice industry continues
 we could lose sales and profits if any one or more of our existing customers were to
Both the difficult economic environment and the increased
competitive environment in the retail and foodservice channels have caused competition to become increasingly intense in our business. We expect this trend to continue for the foreseeable future. 

 our future growth depends
 in part
 on our ability to identify and acquire suitable acquisition candidates. The consolidation
trend in the food manufacturing industry and competition for acquisition candidates continues to intensify. We expect this trend to continue for the foreseeable future. 
Management assesses the
Company&#146;s liquidity in terms of its ability to generate cash to fund its operating
 investing
 and financing activities. The Company continues to generate substantial cash from operating activities and remains in a strong financial position
with resources available for reinvestment in existing businesses
 acquisitions
 and managing its capital structure on a short and long-term basis. Over the last three years
 the Company has generated $633.2 million in cash flow from operating
activities due to strong earnings and by focusing on working capital management. If we need additional borrowings in the future
 we believe that we have adequate availability under our Revolving Credit Facility. Approximately $334.7 million was
available under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December&nbsp;31
 2014. See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial 
 




Statements for additional information regarding our Revolving Credit Facility. The Company does not believe the devaluation of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar will materially
impact cash flows from operations or liquidity
 as the Company&#146;s sales to Canadian customers contributed approximately 11.3% of net sales during 2014. 



















Year Ended December&nbsp;31






































































































Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 net of acquisitions













































































Our cash provided from operations was $212.0 million in 2014
 compared to $216.7 million in 2013
 a decrease of $4.7 million.
The decrease in cash provided by operations was primarily due to increased cash used for working capital that offset higher levels of net income
 after considering the non-cash loss on extinguishment of debt and higher amortization from
acquisitions. Working capital usage increased by approximately $68.7 million compared to 2013. The year over year change was primarily due to the timing of vendor payments and increased cash used for inventories. The Company&#146;s investment in
inventory was driven by the continued expansion of the single serve hot beverage program and positioning inventory throughout the network to better serve customers as we continue to grow. Also contributing to operating cash flows was increased
Cash provided by operating activities is used to pay down debt and pay for additions to property
 plant
 and
equipment. 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31



















Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment






























































Cash outflows for acquisitions
 less cash acquired

















































089


























In 2014
 cash used in investing activities increased by $783.1 million compared to 2013
 primarily due to the acquisition of
Flagstone in the third quarter of 2014 and the acquisition of Protenergy in the second quarter of 2014 for $854 million and $140 million
 respectively. During 2013
 the Company acquired Associated Brands

 




and Cains for $181.9 million and $35 million
 respectively. Additionally
 increases in investments in property
 plant and equipment in 2014 were only partially offset by the sale of fixed assets
We expect capital spending programs to be approximately $120.0 million in 2015. Capital spending in 2015
will focus on food safety
 quality
 productivity improvements
 continued implementation of an ERP system
 and routine equipment upgrades or replacements at our plants. 



















Year Ended December&nbsp;31














































































































































































Net cash flow provided by financing activities was $885.2 million in 2014 compared to $45.7 million provided by financing
activities in 2013. The change was mainly attributable to the stock issuance and increased net borrowings related the acquisitions of Flagstone and Protenergy. During 2014
 the Company issued stock and incurred additional borrowings to fund the
acquisition of Flagstone. Furthermore
 the Company borrowed additional funds to finance the acquisition of Protenergy
 which
 combined with the borrowings related to Flagstone
 substantially exceeded net borrowings for acquisitions in the prior
year. During the current period
 the Company also refinanced its Prior Credit Agreement and extinguished the 2018 Notes
 resulting in the payment of deferred financing fees and a premium to extinguish the 2018 Notes. Another contributor to the
increase in cash provided by financing activities was the higher level of equity awards as compared to the prior period
 resulting in the net receipt of $45.4 million of cash. 

 $5.3 million
 and $4.2 million in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively
 to its pension plan
 and expects to make
The earnings of our Canadian operations generate a portion of the Company&#146;s cash. The Company
asserts that these earnings are indefinitely reinvested in Canada and
 accordingly
 are not available to fund U.S. operating activities. As of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 there was $31.6 million of cash and cash equivalents held by our Canadian
subsidiaries that was not available to fund operations in the U.S. If the cash held in Canada was repatriated
 the Company would need to accrue and pay taxes on the repatriated funds. These funds will be used for general corporate purposes in
Canada
 including capital projects and acquisitions. We do not believe that the indefinite reinvestment of these funds in Canada impairs our ability to meet our debt or working capital obligations. 
In the aggregate
 our sales do not
vary significantly by quarter but are slightly weighted towards the second half of the year
 particularly in the fourth quarter
 with a more pronounced impact on profitability. As our product portfolio has grown
 we have shifted to a higher
percentage of cold weather products. Products that show a higher level of seasonality include non-dairy powdered creamer
 coffee
 specialty teas
 cappuccinos
 and hot 
 




cereal
 all of which have higher sales in the first and fourth quarters. Additionally
 sales of soup and snack nuts are highest in the fourth quarter. Warmer weather products such as dressings
and pickles typically have higher sales in the second quarter
 while drink mixes show higher sales in the second and third quarters. As a result of our product portfolio and the related seasonality
 our financing needs are highest in the second and
third quarters due to inventory builds
Sources
of Capital 














December&nbsp;31












































































































459












759





273

















219





213












On May&nbsp;6
 2014
 the Company entered into a new five year unsecured Revolving Credit Facility with an aggregate commitment
of $900 million and a $300 million senior unsecured seven year Term Loan pursuant to the new Credit Agreement. The proceeds from the Term Loan and a draw at closing on the Revolving Credit Facility were used to repay in full the amounts outstanding
under the $750 million Prior Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement replaced the Prior Credit Agreement
 and the Prior Credit Agreement was terminated upon the repayment of the amounts outstanding thereunder on May&nbsp;6
 2014. 

 2014
 the Company entered the Amendment to its Credit Agreement dated as of May&nbsp;6
 2014. The Amendment
 among other things
 provided for
the new $200 million senior unsecured Acquisition Term Loan
 the proceeds of which were used to fund
 in part
The
Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan
 and Acquisition Term Loan are known collectively as the &#147;Credit Facility.&#148; The Company is in compliance with all applicable covenants as of December&nbsp;31
 2014. From an interest coverage ratio
perspective
 the Company&#146;s ratio is nearly 136.0% higher than the minimum required level. As it relates to the leverage ratio
 the Company was nearly 3.0% below the maximum level (where the maximum level was not increased in the event of an
acquisition). At this time next year
 assuming no acquisitions
 the Company expects that its leverage ratio will be nearly 25.0% below the maximum level
 indicating another year of strong cash flows. The Company&#146;s average interest rate on debt
outstanding under the Credit Facility for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 &#151; As of
December&nbsp;31
 2014
 $334.7 million of the aggregate commitment of $900 million of the Revolving Credit Facility was available. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on May&nbsp;6
 2019. In addition
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 there were $11.3
million in letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility that were issued but undrawn
 which have been included in the calculation of available credit. The interest rates under the Credit Agreement are based on the Company&#146;s
consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00% (inclusive of the facility fee)
 based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the
Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00% (inclusive of the facility fee)
 based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio. 
 




 as well as jointly and severally
 guaranteed by our 100% owned
direct and indirect subsidiaries
 Bay Valley
 Sturm Foods
 and S.T. Foods
 in addition to certain legal entities acquired in the acquisition of Flagstone
 which were added in the third quarter: American Importing Company
 Inc.
 Ann&#146;s House of
Nuts
 Inc.
 and Snack Parent Corporation
 and certain other subsidiaries that may become guarantors in the future (the aforementioned entities are known collectively as the &#147;Guarantors&#148;). The Revolving Credit Facility contains various
financial and restrictive covenants and requires that the Company maintain certain financial ratios
 including a leverage and interest coverage ratio. 
 &#151; On May&nbsp;6
 2014
 the Company entered into a $300 million senior unsecured Term Loan pursuant to the same Credit Agreement used for
the Revolving Credit Facility. The Term Loan matures on May&nbsp;6
 2021. The interest rates applicable to the Term Loan are based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging
from 1.50% to 2.25%
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.50% to 1.25%. Payments are due on a quarterly basis starting September&nbsp;30
 2014. The Term Loan is subject to substantially the same
covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 &#151; On July&nbsp;29
 2014
 the Company entered
into a $200 million unsecured Acquisition Term Loan pursuant to the same Credit Agreement used for the Revolving Credit Facility. The Acquisition Term Loan matures on May&nbsp;6
 2019. The interest rates applicable to the Acquisition Term Loan are
based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to
1.00%. Payments are due on a quarterly basis starting September&nbsp;30
 2014. The Acquisition Term Loan is subject to substantially the same covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 and has the same Guarantors. 
 &#151;On March&nbsp;11
 2014
 the Company completed its underwritten public offering of $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875%
2022 Notes due March&nbsp;15
 2022. The net proceeds of $394 million ($400 million less underwriting discount of $6 million
 providing an effective interest rate of 4.99%) were intended to be used to extinguish the 2018 Notes. Due to timing
 only
$298 million of the proceeds were used in the first quarter to extinguish the 2018 Notes. The remaining proceeds were used to temporarily pay down the Prior Credit Agreement. On April&nbsp;10
 2014
 the Company extinguished the remaining $102
million of 2018 Notes using borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement. The Company issued the 2022 Notes pursuant to an Indenture between the Company
 the Guarantors
 and the Trustee. 

 among other things
 that the 2022 Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of
the Company. The Company&#146;s payment obligations under the 2022 Notes are fully and unconditionally
 as well as jointly and severally
 guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantors
 in addition to any future domestic subsidiaries that
guarantee or become borrowers under its credit facility
 or guarantee certain other indebtedness incurred by the Company or its restricted subsidiaries. Interest is payable on March&nbsp;15 and September&nbsp;15 of each year
 beginning
September&nbsp;15
 2014. The 2022 Notes will mature on March&nbsp;15
The Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at any time prior to
March&nbsp;15
 2017 at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed
 plus an applicable &#147;make-whole&#148; premium. On or after March&nbsp;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at redemption
prices set forth in the Indenture. In addition
 at any time prior to March&nbsp;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem up to 35% of the 2022 Notes at a redemption price of 104.875% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed with the net cash
Subject to certain limitations
 in the event of a change in control of the Company
 the Company will be required to
make an offer to purchase the 2022 Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 




 among other things
 limit the ability of the Company and the
Guarantors to: (i)&nbsp;pay dividends or make other restricted payments
 (ii)&nbsp;make certain investments
 (iii)&nbsp;incur additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock
 (iv)&nbsp;create liens
 (v)&nbsp;pay dividends or make other payments
(except for certain dividends and payments to the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company)
 (vi)&nbsp;merge or consolidate with other entities or sell substantially all of its assets
 (vii)&nbsp;enter into transactions with affiliates
 and
(viii)&nbsp;engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions. The foregoing limitations are subject to exceptions as set forth in the Indenture. In addition
 if in the future
 the 2022 Notes have an investment grade credit rating by both
Moody&#146;s Investors Services
 Inc. and Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s Ratings Services
 certain of these covenants will
 thereafter
 no longer apply to the 2022 Notes for so long as the 2022 Notes are rated investment grade by the two rating
The
following table summarizes the Company&#146;s obligations and commitments to make future payments as of December&nbsp;31
Indebtedness
Purchase
 and Lease Obligations 










































































































































































































































































































































































435

















































 2014. The principal is due May&nbsp;6
 2019. The Revolving Credit Facility has interest at an
average rate of 1.79% at December&nbsp;31
 2014. (See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information) 




 2014. The Term Loan matures on May 6
 2021. The Term Loan has interest at an average rate of 2.45% at December 31
 2014.
(See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information) 




 2014. The Acquisition Term Loan has interest at an average rate of 2.20% at December 31
 2014. The
Acquisition Term Loan matures on May 6
 2019. (See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information) 




 2022. (See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information) 







Purchasing obligations primarily represent commitments to purchase minimum quantities of raw materials used in our production processes. We enter into
these contracts from time to time in an effort to ensure a 
 







sufficient supply of raw ingredients. In addition
 we have contractual obligations to purchase various services that are a part of our production process. 




 the accompanying balance sheets do not reflect operating lease obligations. Operating lease obligations
consist of minimum rental payments under non-cancelable operating leases. 













 2014. The timing of cash settlement
 if any
 cannot be reasonably estimated. The Company&#146;s gross unrealized
tax benefit included in the tabular reconciliation (See Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information) is approximately $13.2 million. The difference between the gross unrecognized tax benefit and the amount per the

 Purchase and Lease Obligations
 interest
 penalties
 as well as the impact of state taxes on the federal tax liability. Deferred tax
liabilities are excluded from the table due to uncertainty in their timing. 




 2019. (See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
In addition to the commitments set forth in the above table
 at December&nbsp;31
 2014
 the Company had $11.3 million in
letters of credit
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
The Company does not have any obligations that meet the definition of an off-balance sheet arrangement
 other than operating leases and letters of
credit
Other Commitments and
The Company also has the following commitments and contingent liabilities
 in addition to contingent liabilities related to ordinary
course litigation
 investigations
 and tax audits: 






 and 






 primarily related to employee health care
 workers&#146; compensation claims
 and other casualty losses. 

Critical accounting
policies are defined as those most important to the portrayal of a company&#146;s financial condition and results
 and require the most difficult
 subjective
 or complex judgments. In many cases
 the accounting treatment of a particular transaction
is specifically dictated by GAAP with no need for the application of our judgment. In certain circumstances
 however
 the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to use our judgment to make certain
estimates and assumptions. These estimates affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of net sales and
expenses during the reporting period. We have identified the policies described below as our critical accounting policies. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed discussion of significant accounting policies. 
 



&#151; We maintain an allowance for customer promotional programs
marketing co-op programs
 and other sales and marketing expenses. This allowance is based on a combination of historical rolling twelve month average program activity and specific customer program accruals
 and can fluctuate due to the level of
sales and marketing programs
 and timing of deductions. This allowance was $21.8 million and $14.9 million
 at December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Pickle inventories are valued using the last-in
 first-out (&#147;LIFO&#148;)
method and Flagstone inventories are valued using the weighted average costing approach
 while all of our other inventories are valued using the first-in
 first-out (&#147;FIFO&#148;) method. These valuations have been reduced by an allowance for
obsolete and defective products and packaging materials. The estimated allowance is based on a review of inventories on hand compared to estimates of future demand
 changes in formulas and packaging materials
 and inferior product. The
Company&#146;s allowances were $18.0 million and $12.5 million at December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
Goodwill and Intangible
Assets
384.3 million as of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 resulting primarily from acquisitions. Upon acquisition
 the purchase price is first allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities
including but not limited to inventory
 accounts payable
 trademarks and customer-related intangible assets
 with any remaining purchase price recorded as goodwill. Goodwill and indefinite lived trademarks are not amortized. For purposes of goodwill
impairment testing goodwill has been allocated to the following reporting units: 










December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014






















































667








The Company&#146;s reporting units are based on the components one level below our operating and reportable segments. No
We evaluate indefinite lived trademarks and goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter
 or more frequently
if other events occur
 to ensure that fair value continues to exceed the related book value. An indefinite lived trademark is impaired if its book value exceeds fair value. Goodwill impairment exists if the book value of a reporting unit exceeds its
fair value. If the fair value of an evaluated asset is less than its book value
 the asset is written down to fair value
 which is generally based on its discounted future cash flows. Future business results could affect the evaluation of our
The Company completed its annual goodwill and intangible asset impairment analysis as of December&nbsp;31
 2014. Our
assessment did not result in an impairment. We have ten reporting units
 six of which contain goodwill totaling $1
668.0 million. Our analysis employed the use of both a market and income approach
 with each method given equal weighting. Significant
assumptions used in the income approach include growth and discount rates
 margins
 and the Company&#146;s weighted average cost of capital. We used historical performance and management estimates of future performance to determine margins and
growth rates. Discount rates selected for each reporting unit varied
 with the weighted average of all discount rates approximating the total Company 
 




discount rate. Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and assessment of market and capital structure assumptions. Of the six reporting units with goodwill
 all have fair values in
excess of their carrying values (between 10% and 132%). Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating changes and to estimate future cash flows. Changes in our estimates or any of our other assumptions used in our
We believe that a trademark has an indefinite life if it has sufficient market share and a history of
strong sales and cash flow performance that we expect to continue for the foreseeable future. If these perpetual trademark criteria are not met
 the trademarks are amortized over their expected useful lives. Determining the expected life of a
trademark requires considerable management judgment and is based on an evaluation of a number of factors including the competitive environment
 market share
 trademark history
 and anticipated future trademark support. 

 which include our trademarks totaling $29.0 million
 using the relief from royalty method. Significant
assumptions include the royalty
 growth
 and discount rates. Our assumptions were based on historical performance and management estimates of future performance
 as well as available data on licenses of similar products. Our analysis resulted in no
impairment. The Company&#146;s policy is that indefinite lived assets must have a history of strong sales and cash flow performance that we expect to continue for the foreseeable future. When these criteria are no longer met
 the Company changes the
classification. Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating changes and to estimate future cash flows. Our analysis resulted in fair values that are in excess of the asset&#146;s carrying value by 35% to 149%.
We evaluate amortizable intangible
assets
 which primarily include customer relationships and trademarks
 for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation of the undiscounted cash flows indicates
impairment
 the asset is written down to its fair value
 which is generally based on discounted future cash flows. No impairment was identified and the Company concluded no changes are necessary to the remaining useful lives or values of the
remaining amortizable intangible assets as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;&#151; We allocate the purchase price of
acquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. All identifiable assets acquired
 including identifiable intangible assets
 and liabilities assumed are assigned a portion of the purchase price of the acquired company
 normally equal to
their fair values at the date of acquisition. While each acquisition is different
 the Company typically identifies customer lists
 formulas
 and trade names as identifiable intangible assets
 with the majority of value being allocated to customer
lists. The excess of the purchase price of the acquired company over the sum of the amounts assigned to identifiable assets acquired
 less liabilities assumed
 is recorded as goodwill. We record the initial purchase price allocation based on an
evaluation of information and estimates available at the date of the financial statements. For example
 during 2014 we acquired Flagstone and Protenergy for approximately $994.3 million
 net of cash acquired
 in the aggregate. We allocated $66.6
million to receivables
 $166.5 million to inventory
 $73.5 million to property
 plant
 and equipment
 $281.2 to customer relationships
 $6.3 million to trade names
 $2.5 million to supplier relationships
 $2.0 million to formulas
 $3.2 million to
software
 $10.8 million to other assets
 $556.4 million to goodwill
 and $174.8 million to assumed liabilities
 in the aggregate. As final information regarding fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is received and estimates are
refined
 appropriate adjustments are made to the purchase price allocation. To the extent that such adjustments indicate that the fair value of assets and liabilities differ from their preliminary purchase price allocations
 such differences would
adjust the amounts allocated to those assets and liabilities and would change the amounts allocated to goodwill. The final purchase price allocation includes the consideration of a number of factors to determine the fair value of individual assets
acquired and liabilities assumed
 including quoted market prices
 forecasted future cash flows
 net realizable values
 estimates of the present value of required payments
 and determination of remaining useful lives. 
 



&nbsp;&#151; Deferred taxes are recognized for future tax effects of temporary differences
between financial and income tax reporting using tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. We periodically estimate our probable tax obligations using historical experience in tax jurisdictions and informed
judgments. There are inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of tax regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. These judgments and estimates made at a point in time may change based on the outcome of tax audits and changes
to
 or further interpretations of
 regulations. If such changes take place
 there is a risk that our tax rate may increase or decrease in any period
 which would impact our earnings. Future business results may affect deferred tax liabilities or the
&nbsp;&#151; Income before income taxes
 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
2014 and December&nbsp;31
 2013
 included share-based compensation expense for employees and directors of $25.1 million and $16.1 million
 respectively. 

 restricted stock
 restricted stock unit awards
 and performance units (the &#147;Awards&#148;) is determined on the date of
grant. Stock options are valued using a Black Scholes model. Performance units and all other restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards are valued using the closing price of the Company&#146;s stock on the date of grant. Stock-based
compensation expense
 as calculated and recorded
 could have been impacted if other assumptions were used. Furthermore
 if we use different assumptions in future periods
 stock-based compensation expense could be impacted in future periods. Expected
volatilities are based on historical volatilities of the Company&#146;s stock price. The Company has estimated that certain employees will complete the required service conditions associated with the Awards. For all other employees
 the Company
estimates forfeitures as not all employees are expected to complete the required service conditions. The expected service period is the longer of the derived service period
 as determined from the output of the valuation models
 and the service
period based on the term of the Awards. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the stock options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. We based the expected term on the
simplified method as described under the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&nbsp;107. Under this approach
 the expected term is 6 years. The assumptions used to calculate the stock option and restricted stock awards granted in 2014 are presented in
&nbsp;&#151; We retain selected levels of property and casualty risks
primarily related to employee health care
 workers compensation claims
 and other casualty losses. Many of these potential losses are covered under conventional insurance programs with third-party carriers having high deductible limits. In other
areas
 we are self-insured with stop-loss coverage. Accrued liabilities for incurred but not reported losses related to these retained risks are calculated based upon loss development factors that contemplate a number of variables
 including claims
history and expected trends. These loss development factors are based on industry factors and
 along with the estimated liabilities
 are developed by us in consultation with external insurance brokers and actuaries. At December&nbsp;31
 2014 and
2013
 we recorded accrued liabilities related to these retained risks of $14.7 million and $13.3 million
 respectively
 including both current and long-term liabilities. Changes in loss development factors
 claims history
 and cost trends could
&nbsp;&#151; We provide a range of benefits to our employees
including pension and postretirement benefits to our eligible employees and retirees. We record annual amounts relating to these plans based on calculations specified by GAAP
 which include various actuarial assumptions
 such as discount rates
assumed investment rates of return
 compensation increases
 employee turnover rates
 and health care cost trend rates. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends
when appropriate. As required by GAAP
 the effect of the modifications is generally recorded and amortized over future periods. Different assumptions that we make could result in the recognition of different amounts of expense over different
periods. 
 




 under our investment policy as written by our investment committee (the
&#147;Investment Committee&#148;)
 target equities at 55% to 65% of the portfolio and fixed income at 35% to 45%. At December&nbsp;31
 2014
 our master trust was invested as follows: equity securities of 59.7%; fixed income securities of 40.2%; and
We determine our expected long-term rate of return based on our expectations of future returns for the pension
plan&#146;s investments based on target allocations of the pension plan&#146;s investments. Additionally
 we consider the weighted-average return of a capital markets model and historical returns on comparable equity
 debt
 and other investments.
While a number of the key assumptions related to our qualified
pension plans are long-term in nature
 including assumed investment rates of return
 compensation increases
 employee turnover rates
 and mortality rates
 GAAP require that our discount rate assumption be more heavily weighted to current market
conditions. As such
 our discount rate will likely change more frequently. We used a discount rate to determine our estimated future benefit obligations of 4.25% at December&nbsp;31
 2014. If the discount rate were one percent higher
 the pension
plan liability would have been approximately 12.7%
 or $8.6 million lower
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2014. If the discount rate were one percent lower
 the pension plan liability would have been approximately 16.0%
 or $10.9 million higher
 as of
December&nbsp;31
See Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our employee pension and retirement benefit
Information
regarding recent accounting pronouncements is provided in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

For each of these non-GAAP
financial measures
 we provide a reconciliation between the non-GAAP measure and the most directly comparable GAAP measure
 an explanation of why management believes the non-GAAP measure provides useful information to financial statement users
 and
any additional purposes for which management uses the non-GAAP measure. This non-GAAP financial information is provided as additional information for the financial statement users and is not in accordance with or an alternative to GAAP. These
Diluted EPS
 Adjusting for Certain Items Affecting Comparability
The adjusted earnings per share data shown below reflects adjustments to reported earnings per share data to identify items that
 in management&#146;s
judgment
 significantly affect the assessment of earnings results between periods. This information is provided in order to allow investors to make meaningful comparisons of the Company&#146;s earnings performance between periods and to view the
Company&#146;s business from the same perspective as Company management. This measure is also used as a component of the Board of Director&#146;s measurement of the Company&#146;s performance for incentive compensation purposes. As the Company
cannot predict the timing and amount of charges that include
 but are not limited to
 items such as acquisition
 integration
 and related costs
 debt refinancing costs
 or facility closings and reorganizations
 management does

 




not consider these costs when evaluating the Company&#146;s performance
 when making decisions regarding the allocation of resources
 in determining incentive compensation for management
 or in
The reconciliation of diluted EPS
 excluding certain items affecting comparability
 to the relevant GAAP measure of
diluted EPS as presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income
 is as follows: 








































Acquisition
 integration
 and related costs
























































































During 2014
 the Company entered into transactions that affected the year over year comparison of its financial results that
include the acquisitions of Flagstone and Protenergy
 debt refinancing
 foreign currency losses on intercompany notes
 mark to market adjustments
 and restructuring costs. 

 leading to an increase in year over year
During 2014 the Company incurred $22.2 million of costs related to debt refinancing activities completed during the
year
The Company has Canadian dollar denominated intercompany loans and incurred foreign
currency losses of $10.4 million in 2014 versus $1.7 million in the prior year to re-measure the loans at year end. The increase is due to the devaluation of the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar in 2014 versus 2013. These charges are non-cash
The Company&#146;s derivative contracts are marked to market each period with the changes being recorded
in the Consolidated Statements of Income. These are non-cash charges. As the contracts are settled
As the
Company continues to grow
 consolidation or restructuring activities are necessary. During 2014
 the Company incurred approximately $2.4 million in costs versus $28.4 million last year
 as the projects are near completion. 
Adjusted EBITDA
 Adjusting for Certain Items Affecting Comparability 

 income tax expense
 depreciation and amortization expense
 non-cash stock based
compensation expense
 and other items that
 in management&#146;s judgment
 significantly affect the assessment of operating results between periods. Adjusted EBITDA is a performance measure used by management
 and the Company believes it is commonly
reported and widely used by investors and other interested parties
 as a measure of a company&#146;s operating performance. 
 




Income
 the relevant GAAP measure
 to Adjusted net income (used for Adjusted EPS) and Adjusted EBITDA for the twelve months ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013: 













































































Acquisition
 integration
 and related costs 


















































































































































































 and totaled $10.4 million and $1.7 million for the twelve
months ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. 




 net line of the Consolidated Statements of Income
 totaled $3.1 million and $(0.9) million for the twelve months ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
respectively.




 integration
 and related costs included in the General and administrative expense line of the Consolidated Statements of Income totaled $18.3 million and $6.7 million for the twelve months ended December
31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&nbsp;Acquisition
 integration
 and related costs included in the Cost of sales line of the Consolidated Statements of Income totaled $16.0 million and $6.2 million for the twelve months ended December 31
 2014 and
2013
 respectively. Acquisition
 integration
 and related costs included in the Selling and distribution line of the Consolidated Statements of Income and the Other expense
 net line of the Consolidated Statements of Income were $0.2 million and
$1.9 million
 respectively
 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2014. 




million and $0.2 million
 respectively
 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2014. 




 2013.&nbsp;Restructuring/facility
consolidation costs included in the Other operating expense
 net line of the Consolidated Statements of Income
 totaled $2.4 million and $6.2 million for the twelve months ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




 integration
 and related costs line of the Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation for the twelve
months ended December 31
 2014. Depreciation and amortization excludes $19.9 million of accelerated depreciation charges that are included in the Restructuring/facility consolidation costs line of the Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation for the twelve
months ended December 31
 2013.
 






Interest Rate
Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to the amount of interest expense we expect to pay with
respect to our Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan
 and Acquisition Term Loan
 known collectively as the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;
 which is tied to variable market rates including LIBOR and prime interest rates. Based on our outstanding variable
debt balance of $1
050.0 million under our Credit Facility as of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 each 1% rise in our average interest rate would increase our interest expense by approximately $10.5 million annually. 
Certain commodities we use in the
production and distribution of our products are exposed to market price risk. To manage that risk
 we utilize derivative contracts
 the majority of which qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception and are not recorded on the
balance sheet of the Company. To evaluate the market price risk of these contracts
 we prepare a sensitivity analysis to quantify the Company&#146;s potential exposure to commodity price risk with respect to our derivative portfolio (inclusive of
contracts that qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception). Based on our analysis
 a hypothetical ten percent change in commodity prices would increase or decrease the fair value of the portfolio by $18.6 million and $(18.6)
million
 respectively. We do not utilize financial instruments for trading purposes. 

 packaging materials
 fuel
 and energy have varied widely in recent years and future changes in such costs may cause our results of
operations and our operating margins to fluctuate significantly. While the increases or decreases in the price of our input costs varied amongst the categories
 our input costs were relatively flat on an overall basis from 2013 to 2014. We expect
We use a significant volume of fruits
 vegetables
 and nuts
(following the acquisition of Flagstone) in our operations as raw materials. Certain of these fruits and vegetables are purchased under seasonal grower contracts with a variety of growers strategically located to supply our production facilities.
Bad weather or disease in a particular growing area can damage or destroy the crop in that area. If we were unable to buy the fruits and vegetables from our local suppliers
 we would purchase them from more distant locations
 including other
locations within the United States
 Mexico
 or India
 which may increase our production costs. Nuts are sourced globally
 as needed
 using purchase orders from a variety of suppliers
 giving the Company greater flexibility to meet changing customer
demands. When entering into contracts for input costs
Changes in the prices
of our products may lag behind changes in the costs of our products. Competitive pressures also may limit our ability to raise prices quickly in response to increased raw materials
 packaging
 fuel
 and energy costs. Accordingly
 if we are unable to
increase our prices to offset increasing costs
 our operating profits and margins could be materially affected. In addition
 in instances of declining input costs
 customers may be looking for price reductions in situations where we have locked into
pricing at higher costs. 

 where the functional currency is the Canadian dollar. Items that give rise to foreign exchange transaction gains and
losses primarily include foreign denominated intercompany loans and input costs. For example
 a significant portion of the Company&#146;s Canadian operations purchase their inputs and packaging materials in U.S. dollars
 resulting in higher costs as
the U.S. dollar strengthens as compared to the Canadian dollar. The Company estimates the impact on input costs to be approximately $2 million for each 
 




one cent change in the exchange rate between the U.S. and Canadian dollars. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 the Company recognized a loss of $13.4 million in the foreign exchange line
The Company&#146;s financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars
 which require the Canadian assets
liabilities
 revenues
 and expenses to be translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rates. Accordingly
 we are exposed to volatility in the translation of foreign currency earnings due to fluctuations in the value of the Canadian
dollar
 which may negatively impact the Company&#146;s results of operations and financial position. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 the Company recognized a translation loss of $26.6 million as a component of Accumulated other
During 2014
 the U.S. dollar strengthened
 resulting in the losses described above. The devaluation of the Canadian dollar
 in
management&#146;s view
 is correlated to the reduced price of oil. The average exchange rate between the U.S. and Canadian dollars has resulted in the U.S. dollar strengthening approximately 6.7% over the average rate in 2013. Additionally
 the
exchange rate at December&nbsp;31
 2014 shows that the U.S. dollar strengthened approximately 8.0% as compared to the rate at December&nbsp;31
 2013. Lastly
 based on available information
 the Company believes the U.S. dollar may continue to
strengthen throughout 2015
 resulting in further foreign exchange losses. 
 






The Consolidated Financial Statements
for 2014 are included in this report on the following pages: 














Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013





Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012





Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and
2012





Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the years ended December&nbsp;
31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012





Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012











 



 
TreeHouse Foods
Oak Brook
We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December&nbsp;31
 2014. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item&nbsp;15. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility
of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 

plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
In our opinion
 such consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of TreeHouse Foods
Inc. and subsidiaries as of December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Also
 in our opinion
 such financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the
Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2014
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission and our report dated February&nbsp;19
 2015
 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 
Chicago
 Illinois 

 2015 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 
 
(In thousands
 except per share data) 














December&nbsp;31
















































Receivables
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $1
333 and $405











Inventories
 net

























































Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net















667





119



Intangible assets
 net











Other assets
 net

























903





721












































































445














































143





447























Preferred stock
 par value $.01&nbsp;per share
 10
000 shares authorized
 none issued









Common stock
 par value $.01&nbsp;per share
 90
000 shares authorized
 42
663 and 36
493 shares issued and outstanding
respectively













177














































759





273

















903





721













 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 
 
(In thousands
 except per share data) 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31


















946





293





182







339





818





728



































































































Other operating expense
 net



























































































































































Other expense
 net










































































































































































































 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 
 
 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31














































































































































































 




683)
 $4
592
 and $(1
626) for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. 




 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 

 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 
 
 

























































Balance
 January&nbsp;1
 2012



























073




























































































































































































































Balance
 December&nbsp;31
 2012



























179




























































































































































































































Balance
 December&nbsp;31
 2013



























273


























































































































































































































































Balance
 December&nbsp;31
 2014












177















759





























 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 
 
 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31































































































































































































































































Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 net of acquisitions:
































































Accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities





























































Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

































Acquisitions
 less cash acquired














































































089























































































































































































































































































































Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year






























Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year






























 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 

Years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 




&#151; The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and its 100% owned
subsidiaries (&#147;Company
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; or &#147;our&#148;). All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. In 2013
 as a result of the Associated Brands acquisition
 the Company updated its
product categories as presented in Note 22. Additionally
 in 2014
 as a result of the Flagstone acquisition
 the Company added a new product category for Snacks. These changes did not require prior period adjustments. See Note 22 for more
&nbsp;&#151; The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;) requires management to use judgment to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
&nbsp;&#151; We consider temporary cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. As of
December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
 $31.6 million and $19.3 million
 respectively
 represents cash held in Canada
 in local currency
 and is convertible into other currencies. The cash held in Canada is expected to be used for general corporate
purposes in Canada
&nbsp;&#151; Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.
Pickle inventories are valued using the LIFO method and Flagstone inventories are valued using the weighted average costing approach
 while all of our other inventories are valued using the FIFO method. The costs of finished goods inventories
include raw materials
 labor
Property
 plant
 and equipment
 plant
 and equipment are stated at acquisition
cost
 plus capitalized interest on borrowings during the actual construction period of major capital projects. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: 






















We perform impairment tests when circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Capitalized leases are
amortized over the shorter of their lease term or their estimated useful lives
 and amortization expense is included in depreciation expense. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
 which do not improve or extend the life of the assets
 are
expensed as incurred. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


&nbsp;&#151; Identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are amortized
over their estimated useful lives as follows: 

































Indefinite lived trademarks are evaluated for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently
 if events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Impairment is indicated when their book value exceeds fair value. If the fair value of an evaluated asset is less than its book value
 the asset is written down to fair value
 which
Amortizable intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation of the undiscounted cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted future cash
Goodwill is evaluated annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently
 if events or changes in circumstances require an interim assessment. We
assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level using a market and income approach
 employing significant assumptions regarding growth
 discount rates
 and profitability at each reporting unit. The market approach uses a market multiple
methodology employing revenues and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and amortization (&#147;EBITDA&#148;) and applies a range of multiples to those amounts in determining the indicated fair value. In determining the multiples used in
this approach
 we obtain the multiples for selected peer companies using the most recent publically available information. Our estimates under the income approach are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. In determining the indicated
fair value of each reporting unit
 the Company weighs both the market and income approach results
 with each approach given equal weighting. The final value is then compared to the carrying value of each reporting unit. If the book value of the
reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 &#151; We measure
compensation expense for our equity awards at their grant date fair value. The resulting expense is recognized over the relevant service period. See Note 14.
&nbsp;&#151; Sales are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 title and
risk of loss transfer to customers
 and there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales proceeds. Product is shipped FOB shipping point or FOB destination
 depending on our agreement with the customer. Sales are reduced by certain sales
incentives
&nbsp;&#151; We provide credit
terms to customers generally ranging between 10 and 30 days
 perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers
 and maintain allowances for potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer balances are written off after all
collection efforts are exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
Income
Taxes
 foreign
 state
 and local income taxes currently payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of

 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the difference between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax
rates. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Deferred income tax expenses or credits are based on the changes in the asset or liability from period to
&nbsp;&#151; The functional currency of the Company&#146;s foreign operations
is the applicable local currency. The functional currency is translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts using currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date
 and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted-average
exchange rate during the fiscal year. The translation adjustments are deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&#146; equity in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Gains or losses resulting from transactions denominated in foreign
currencies are included in Other expense (income)
&nbsp;&#151; Our
shipping and handling costs are included in both cost of sales and selling and distribution expense
 depending on the nature of such costs. Shipping and handling costs included in cost of sales reflect inventory warehouse costs
 product loading and
handling costs
 and costs associated with transporting finished products from our manufacturing facilities to distribution warehouses. Shipping and handling costs included in selling and distribution expense consist primarily of the cost of shipping
products to customers through third party carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a component of selling and distribution expense were approximately $80.0 million
 $55.3 million
 and $61.5 million
 for years ended 2014
 2013
 and 2012
&nbsp;&#151; From time to time
 we utilize derivative financial instruments including interest rate
and commodity swaps
 foreign currency contracts
 and forward purchase contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate
 foreign currency
 and commodity price risks. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.
The Company accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges according to GAAP must be adjusted to fair value through earnings. For derivative
instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain or loss is reported as Accumulated other comprehensive loss and reclassified into earnings in the same period when the hedged transaction affects earnings. The
ineffective gain or loss is recognized in current earnings. Commodity forward contracts generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception under the guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities
 and therefore
are not subject to its provisions. For further information about our derivative instruments
&nbsp;&#151;
Capital lease obligations represent machinery and equipment financing obligations
 which are generally payable in monthly installments of principal and interest
 and are collateralized by the related assets financed. 
&nbsp;&#151; We retain selected levels of property and casualty risks
 primarily related to employee health care
 workers&#146;
compensation claims
 and other casualty losses. Many of these potential losses are covered under conventional insurance programs with third party carriers having high deductible limits. In other areas
 we are self-insured with stop-loss coverage.
Accrued liabilities for incurred but not reported losses related to these retained risks are calculated based upon loss development factors that consider a number of elements
 including claims history and expected trends. We develop these accruals
&nbsp;&#151; We periodically record facility closing and
reorganization charges when we have identified a facility for closure or other reorganization opportunity
 developed a plan
 and notified the affected employees. These charges are incurred as a component of operating income. See Note 3 for more
information. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


&nbsp;&#151; We record research and development charges to expense as
they are incurred and report them in the General and administrative line of our Consolidated Statements of Income. Expenditures totaled $12.8 million
 $17.5 million
 and $11.1 million
 for years ended 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. 
&nbsp;&#151;&nbsp;Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and reported in the Selling and distribution line of our Consolidated
Statements of Income. 





 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;)
No.&nbsp;2014-15
 
 providing additional guidance surrounding the disclosure of going concern uncertainties in the financial statements and implementing
requirements for management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim
periods within those years
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016. The Company does not anticipate the adoption of the ASU will result in additional disclosures
 however
 management will begin performing the periodic assessments required by the ASU
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;)
No.&nbsp;2014-09
 
 which introduced a new framework to be used when recognizing revenue in an attempt to reduce complexity and increase comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
industries
 jurisdictions
 and capital markets. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016. The standard requires that entities apply the effects of these changes to all
prior years presented
 upon adoption
 using either the full retrospective method
 which presents the impact of the change separately in each prior year presented
 or the modified retrospective method
 which includes the cumulative changes to all
prior years presented in beginning retained earnings in the year of initial adoption. The Company has not yet determined which of the two adoption methods to elect. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have upon
In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2013-04

Total Amount of the Obligation is Fixed at the Reporting Date
 clarifying how entities are required to measure obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements and outlining the required disclosures around these liabilities.
The ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2013. See Note 11
 Long-Term Debt
 for related disclosures. The Company adopted this standard during the first quarter of 2014
 the
impact of which was not significant. 




 &#151; In August of 2012
 following a strategic review of the soup category
 the Company announced a restructuring
plan that included reductions to the cost structure of the Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania facility by reorganizing and simplifying the soup business there and the closure of the Mendota
 Illinois soup plant. The restructuring has reduced manufacturing
costs by streamlining operations and transferring production from the Mendota plant to the Pittsburgh plant. Production at the Mendota facility was primarily related to the North American Retail Grocery segment and ended as of December&nbsp;31
2012
 with full plant closure in the second quarter of 2013. Total costs of the restructuring are expected to be approximately $28.1 million as detailed below
 of which $5.5 million is expected to be in cash. Expenses associated with the
restructuring plan are primarily aggregated in the Other operating expense
 net line of the Consolidated Statements of Income
 with the exception of accelerated depreciation
 which is recorded in Cost of sales. This restructuring is substantially
complete. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 




























December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014


December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013



































































































































Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada
 2012
 the Company announced the closure of its salad dressing plant
in Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada
 and the transfer of production to facilities where the Company has lower production costs. Production at the Seaforth
 Ontario facility was primarily related to the North American Retail Grocery segment and ended in the
fourth quarter of 2013
 with full plant closure occurring in the first quarter of 2014. Total costs to close the Seaforth facility are expected to be approximately $14.1 million as detailed below
 of which $6.2 million is in cash. Expenses incurred
associated with the facility closure are primarily aggregated in the Other operating expense
 net line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. Certain costs
 primarily accelerated depreciation
 are recorded in Cost of sales. This restructuring is
substantially complete. 



























December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014


December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013








































































































































On July&nbsp;29
 2014
 the
Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Flagstone
 a privately owned U.S. based manufacturer of branded and private label varieties of snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 snack mixes
 and other wholesome snacks. Flagstone is one of the
largest manufacturers and distributors of private label wholesome snacks in North America
 and is the largest manufacturer of trail mix in North America. The purchase price was approximately $854 million
 net of acquired cash
 after adjustments for
working capital. The acquisition was financed through a combination of borrowings under our $900 million Revolving Credit Facility
 a new $200 million Acquisition Term Loan
 and the net proceeds from the issuance of 4
950
331 shares of the
Company&#146;s common stock. The acquisition is expected to expand our existing product offerings by allowing the Company to enter into the wholesome snack food category
 while also providing more exposure to the perimeter of the store. 

statements from the date of acquisition in the North American Retail 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



Grocery and Industrial and Export segments. Included in the Company&#146;s Consolidated Statements of Income are Flagstone&#146;s net sales of approximately $287.3 million and net income of $3.8
million from the date of acquisition through December&nbsp;31
 2014. Net income was partially offset by integration costs of $10.3 million. At the date of acquisition
 the purchase price was preliminarily allocated to the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based upon fair market values
We have made a preliminary allocation to net tangible and intangible
assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows: 

































Property
 plant
 and equipment




































































































The Company allocated $231.7 million to customer relationships and $6.3 million to trade names
 each of which have an
estimated life of 15 years. The Company allocated $1.6 million to recipes and formulas
 which have an estimated life of 5 years. The Company allocated $1.8 million to capitalized software with an estimated life of 1 year. The aforementioned
intangibles will be amortized on a straight line basis. The Company allocated $2.5 million to supplier relationships
 which will be amortized in a method reflecting the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed over
the period of one year. The Company has preliminarily allocated all $505.6 million of goodwill to the North American Retail Grocery segment. Goodwill arises principally as a result of expansion opportunities related to Flagstone&#146;s product
offerings in the snacking category. None of the goodwill resulting from this acquisition is tax deductible. The Company incurred approximately $8.9 million in acquisition costs. These costs are included in the General and administrative expense line
of the Consolidated Statements of Income. The allocation to net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is preliminary and subject to change for taxes. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



acquisition of Flagstone had been completed as of January&nbsp;1
 2013. Adjustments have been made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business combination
 the
issuance of common stock
 interest expense related to the financing of the business combination
 and related income taxes. The pro forma results may not necessarily reflect actual results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are they
necessarily indicative of future results of operations. 














December&nbsp;31













(In&nbsp;thousands
&nbsp;except&nbsp;per&nbsp;share&nbsp;data)






332





990










































































On
May&nbsp;30
 2014
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Protenergy
 a privately owned Canadian based manufacturer of broths
 soups
 and gravies. Protenergy specializes in providing products in carton and recart packaging for both
private label and corporate brands
 and also serves as a co-manufacturer of national brands. The Company paid $140.1 million (CAD $152.0 million)
 net of acquired cash
 for the purchase of Protenergy. The acquisition was financed through borrowings
under the Revolving Credit Facility. The acquisition is expected to expand our existing packaging capabilities and enable us to offer customers a full range of soup products
 as well as leverage our research and development capabilities in the
The Protenergy acquisition is being accounted for under the acquisition method of
accounting and the results of operations are included in our financial statements from the date of acquisition in the North American Retail Grocery and Industrial and Export segments. Included in the Company&#146;s Consolidated Statements of Income
are Protenergy&#146;s net sales of approximately $116.4 million from the date of acquisition through December&nbsp;31
 2014. Also included is a net loss of $2.8 million from the date of acquisition through December&nbsp;31
 2014. This loss includes
integration costs of $6.1 million. At the date of acquisition
 the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon fair market values
 and is subject to adjustments for taxes. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



as follows (in USD): 


































Property
 plant
 and equipment





















































































The Company allocated $49.5 million to customer relationships that have an estimated life of 15 years and $0.4 million to
formulas with an estimated life of 5 years. These intangible assets will be amortized on a straight line basis. The Company recorded $7.6 million of unfavorable contractual agreements
 which have an estimated life of 2.6 years. These unfavorable
contracts will be amortized in a method reflecting the pattern in which the economic costs are incurred. As of the acquisition date
 the Company has preliminarily allocated all $50.9 million of goodwill to the North American Retail Grocery segment.
Goodwill arises principally as a result of expansion opportunities
 driven in part by Protenergy&#146;s packaging technology. None of the goodwill resulting from this acquisition is tax deductible. The Company incurred approximately $3.3 million in
acquisition costs. These costs are included in the General and administrative expense line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. The allocation to net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is preliminary and subject to
The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of operations for the Company as if the acquisition of Protenergy had
been completed as of January&nbsp;1
 2013. Adjustments have been made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business combination
 interest expense related to the
financing of the business combination
 and related income taxes. These pro forma results may not necessarily reflect actual results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are they necessarily indicative of future results of operations.















December 31













(In&nbsp;thousands
&nbsp;except&nbsp;per&nbsp;share&nbsp;data)






006





422











































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 

Associated Brands was a privately owned Canadian company and a private label manufacturer of powdered drinks
 specialty teas
 and sweeteners. The purchase price
 after adjusting for working capital
 was approximately $180.5 million
 net of acquired
cash. The acquisition was financed through cash on hand and borrowings under the Company&#146;s Prior Credit Agreement (as defined in Note 11). The acquisition of Associated Brands strengthened the Company&#146;s retail presence in the private label
dry grocery segment and introduced a line of specialty tea products to complement its single serve hot beverage business. The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. At the date of acquisition
 the purchase price
We have made an allocation to net tangible and intangible
assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows (in USD): 


































Property
 plant
 and equipment

















































































































The Company allocated $68.8 million to customer relationships that have an estimated life of 15 years
 $2.3&nbsp;million to
trade names that have an estimated life of 10 years
 $1.5 million to formulas that have an estimated life of 7 years
 and $1.6 million to other intangible assets that have a weighted average estimated useful life of 6 years. The Company has
allocated $51.6 million of goodwill to the North American Retail Grocery segment and $1.0 million of goodwill to the Food Away from Home segment
 after reallocating $4.6 million of goodwill from the Industrial and Export segment in the third quarter
of 2014. Goodwill arises principally as a result of expansion opportunities. In the fourth quarter of 2014
 the Company finalized the tax balances associated with the acquisition
 which resulted in an increase to goodwill of $6.7 million. No further
On July&nbsp;1
2013
 the Company completed its acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of Cains
 a privately owned Ayer
 Massachusetts based manufacturer of shelf stable mayonnaise
 dressings
 and sauces. The Cains product portfolio offers retail and
foodservice customers a wide array of packaging sizes
 sold as private label and branded products. The purchase price was approximately $35 million
 net of acquired cash
 after adjusting 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



for working capital and taxes. The acquisition was financed through borrowings under the Company&#146;s Prior Credit Agreement. The acquisition expanded the Company&#146;s footprint in the
Northeast of the United States
 enhanced its foodservice presence
 and broadened its packaging capabilities. The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting
 and the results of operations are included in our financial
The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results
of operations for the Company as if the acquisitions of Associated Brands and Cains had been completed as of January&nbsp;1
 2013. Adjustments have been made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible
assets recognized as part of the business combinations
 interest expense related to the financing of the business combinations
 and related income taxes. These pro forma results may not necessarily reflect actual results of operations that would
have been achieved
 nor are they necessarily indicative of future results of operations. 










December 31


















486


















































 














December&nbsp;31



















































































We determine the appropriate classification of our investments at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation as of
each balance sheet date. The Company accounts for investments in debt and marketable equity securities as held-to-maturity
 available-for-sale
 or trading
 depending on their classification. The investments held by the Company are classified as
trading securities and are stated at fair value
 with changes in fair value recorded as a component of the Interest income line on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Cash flows from purchases
 sales
 and maturities of trading securities are
included in cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows based on the nature and purpose for which the securities were acquired. 

 non-U.S. equity
 and fixed income securities that are classified as short-term
investments and carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The U.S. equity
 non-U.S. equity
 and fixed income securities are classified as short-term investments as they have characteristics of other current assets and are actively
managed. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



equivalents. As of December&nbsp;31
 2014 and December&nbsp;31
 2013
 $31.6 million and $19.3 million
 respectively
 represent cash and cash equivalents held in Canada in local currency. The cash and cash equivalents held in Canada are expected to
be used for general corporate purposes in Canada
For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 we recognized a
net unrealized gain on investments totaling $0.7 million that was included in the Interest income line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. Additionally
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 we recognized a realized gain on investments
totaling $0.2 million that was included in the Interest income line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. In 2014
 net proceeds and realized losses from the sale of fixed income securities were insignificant. When securities are sold
 their cost
is determined based on the FIFO method. 




 














December&nbsp;31



















































































Approximately $87.4 million and $84.6 million of our inventory was accounted for under the LIFO method of accounting at
December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The LIFO reserve reflects the excess of the current cost of LIFO inventories at December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
 over the amount at which these inventories were valued on the consolidated balance
sheets. No LIFO inventory liquidation occurred in 2014 or 2013. Approximately $117.3 million of our net inventory was accounted for using the weighted average costing approach at December&nbsp;31
 2014
 due to the acquisition of Flagstone. 




PROPERTY
 PLANT
 AND EQUIPMENT 
 














December&nbsp;31












































































































Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net




















The increase in fixed assets is due to capital expenditures and the acquisitions of Protenergy and Flagstone. Depreciation
expense was $63.3 million
 $73.3 million
 and $64.7 million in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 







 2014 and 2013 are as follows: 








































Balance at January&nbsp;1
 2013


















073































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2013


















119






































































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2014



439















667























 other than goodwill
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013 is as follows: 















December&nbsp;31



























































The change in the balance from 2013 to 2014 was due to the impact of foreign exchange. Our 2014 and 2013 impairment review of
indefinite lived intangible assets resulted in no impairment. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013 are as follows: 






























December&nbsp;31















































































































































































































































































































As of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 the weighted average remaining useful lives for the amortizable intangible assets are
(1)&nbsp;customer-related at 13.9 years
 (2)&nbsp;contractual agreements at 1.7 years
 (3)&nbsp;trademarks at 11.8 years
 (4)&nbsp;formulas/recipes at 4.6 years
 and (5)&nbsp;computer software at 4.2 years. The weighted average remaining useful life
in total for all amortizable intangible assets is 13.4 years as of December&nbsp;31
Amortization expense on intangible assets was $52.6 million
$35.4 million
 and $33.5 million
 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. Estimated intangible asset amortization expense for the next five years is as follows: 
















































Total intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013 were $716.3 million and $475.8 million
respectively
Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact
of operating changes and to estimate future cash flows. Assumptions used in our impairment evaluations
 such as forecasted growth rates and our cost of capital
 are consistent with our internal projections and operating plans. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 






 














December&nbsp;31
































































Health insurance
 workers&#146; compensation
 and other insurance costs








































































 before income taxes are as follows: 



















Year Ended December&nbsp;31

































































































The following table presents the components of the 2014
 2013
 and 2012 provision for income taxes: 



















Year Ended December&nbsp;31



























































































































































































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



the income tax expense reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31






































































Other
 net











































































December&nbsp;31





























































































































































































































December&nbsp;31







































































The Company or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal
 Canada and various U.S. state
jurisdictions. In the U.S. federal jurisdiction
 the Company is open to examination for the tax year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 and forward; for Canadian purposes
 the Company is open to examination for the tax year ended December&nbsp;31
 2008
and forward and for the various U.S. state jurisdictions the Company is generally open to examination for the tax year ended December&nbsp;31
 2010 and forward. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



 the Internal Revenue Service (&#147;IRS&#148;) initiated an examination of
TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.&#146;s 2012 tax year. During the first quarter of 2014
 the Company settled an IRS examination of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.&#146;s 2011 tax year
 resulting in a small payment by the Company. The Canadian Revenue Agency
(&#147;CRA&#148;) is currently examining the 2008 through 2012 tax years of E.D. Smith. The IRS and CRA examinations are expected to be completed in 2015 or 2016. The Company has examinations in process with various state taxing authorities
 which
Management estimates that it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could
decrease by as much as $0.9 million within the next 12 months
 primarily as a result of the resolution of audits currently in progress and the lapsing of statutes of limitations. 

 the Company recorded adjustments to its unrecognized tax benefits. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax
benefits is as follows: 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31




























































































































































Unrecognized tax benefits are included in Other long-term liabilities in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Included in the
balance at December&nbsp;31
 2014&nbsp;are amounts that are offset by deferred taxes (i.e.
 temporary differences) or amounts that would be offset by refunds in other taxing jurisdictions (i.e.
 corollary adjustments). Of the amount accrued at
December&nbsp;31
 2014 and December&nbsp;31
 2013
 $5.2 million and $2.3 million
 respectively
The
Company has income tax net operating loss carryforwards related to its domestic and international acquired operations which have a 20 year definite life. The Company has recorded a deferred asset of $13.3 million reflecting the benefit of $42.9
The Company recognizes interest (income) expense and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 the Company recognized $(0.1) million
 $(0.2) million
 and $(0.1) million of interest and penalties in income tax expense
respectively. The Company has accrued approximately $0.3 million and $0.2 million for the payment of interest and penalties at December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. 

 2014
 approximately $110.5 million of undistributed earnings of the Company&#146;s foreign subsidiaries were deemed to be indefinitely
reinvested and
 accordingly
 any applicable U.S. federal income taxes and foreign withholding taxes have not been provided on these earnings. If these earnings had not been indefinitely reinvested
 deferred taxes of approximately $38.2 million would
have been recognized. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



 the Company entered into an intercompany financing structure that results
in the recognition of foreign earnings subject to a low effective tax rate. As the foreign earnings are permanently reinvested
 U.S. income taxes have not been provided. For the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company recognized a
tax benefit of approximately $4.6 million and $4.9 million
 respectively
 related to this item. 




 














December&nbsp;31












































































































459


































445

















The scheduled maturities of outstanding debt
 at December&nbsp;31
 2014
 are as follows (in thousands): 





























































459








On May&nbsp;6
 2014
 the Company entered into the new five year Revolving Credit Facility with an aggregate commitment of $900
million and the $300 million Term Loan pursuant to the Credit Agreement. The proceeds from the Term Loan and a draw at closing on the Revolving Credit Facility were used to repay in full
 amounts outstanding under the $750 million Prior Credit
Agreement. The Credit Agreement replaced the Prior Credit Agreement
 and the Prior Credit Agreement was terminated upon the repayment of the amounts outstanding thereunder on May&nbsp;6
 2014. As a result of the debt refinancing
 $6.5 million of
fees associated with the Revolving Credit Facility and $2.4 million of fees associated with the Term Loan will be amortized over their five year and seven year terms
 respectively. 

 2014
 the Company entered into the Amendment to its Credit Agreement dated as of May&nbsp;6
 2014
 the proceeds of which were used to fund
in part
 the acquisition of Flagstone. The Amendment
 among other things
The Revolving Credit
Facility
 Term Loan
 and Acquisition Term Loan are known collectively as the &#147;Credit Facility.&#148; The Company&#146;s average interest rate on debt outstanding under its Credit Facility for the twelve months ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 was
1.59%. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 &#151; As of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 $334.7 million of the aggregate
commitment of $900 million of the Revolving Credit Facility was available. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on May&nbsp;6
 2019. In addition
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 there were $11.3 million in letters of credit under the Revolving Credit
Facility that were issued but undrawn
Interest is payable quarterly or
at the end of the applicable interest period in arrears on any outstanding borrowings. The interest rates under the Credit Agreement are based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a
margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00% (inclusive of the facility fee)
 based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00% (inclusive of the
facility fee)
The Credit Agreement is fully and unconditionally
 as well as jointly and
severally
 guaranteed by our 100% owned direct and indirect subsidiaries
 Bay Valley
 Sturm Foods
 and S.T. Foods
 in addition to certain legal entities acquired in the acquisition of Flagstone
 which were added in the third quarter: American
Importing Company
 Inc.
 Ann&#146;s House of Nuts
 Inc.
 and Snack Parent Corporation
 and certain other subsidiaries that may become guarantors in the future (the Guarantors). The Revolving Credit Facility contains various financial and restrictive
covenants and requires that the Company maintain certain financial ratios
 &#151; On
May&nbsp;6
 2014
 the Company entered into a $300 million senior unsecured Term Loan pursuant to the Credit Agreement. The Term Loan matures on May&nbsp;6
 2021. The interest rates applicable to the Term Loan are based on the Company&#146;s
consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.50% to 2.25%
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.50% to 1.25%. Payments are due on a
quarterly basis starting September&nbsp;30
 2014. The Term Loan is subject to substantially the same covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 and also has the same Guarantors. As of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 $298.5 million was outstanding under the
 &#151; On July&nbsp;29
 2014
 the Company entered into a $200 million unsecured Acquisition Term Loan pursuant to
the Credit Agreement. The Acquisition Term Loan matures on May&nbsp;6
 2019. The interest rates applicable to the Acquisition Term Loan are based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a
margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00%. Payments are due on a quarterly basis starting September&nbsp;30
 2014. The Acquisition Term Loan is
subject to substantially the same covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 and has the same Guarantors. As of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 $197.5 million was outstanding under the Acquisition Term Loan. 
 &#151;&nbsp;On March&nbsp;11
 2014
 the Company completed its underwritten public offering of $400 million in aggregate principal amount of
4.875% notes due March&nbsp;15
 2022 (the &#147;2022 Notes&#148;). The net proceeds of $394 million ($400 million less underwriting discount of $6 million
 providing an effective interest rate of 4.99%) were intended to be used to extinguish the
2018 Notes. Due to timing
 only $298 million of the proceeds were used in the first quarter to extinguish the 2018 Notes. The remaining proceeds were used to temporarily pay down the Prior Credit Agreement. On April&nbsp;10
 2014
 the Company
extinguished the remaining $102 million of 2018 Notes using borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement. The Company issued the 2022 Notes pursuant to an Indenture between the Company
 the Guarantors
 and the Trustee. 

 among other things
 that the 2022 Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Company&#146;s payment obligations
under the 2022 Notes are fully and unconditionally
 as well as 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



jointly and severally
 guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantors
 in addition to any future domestic subsidiaries that guarantee or become borrowers under its credit facility
 or
guarantee certain other indebtedness incurred by the Company or its restricted subsidiaries. Interest is payable on March&nbsp;15 and September&nbsp;15 of each year
 beginning September&nbsp;15
 2014. The 2022 Notes will mature on March&nbsp;15
The Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at any time prior to March&nbsp;15
 2017 at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of
the 2022 Notes redeemed
 plus an applicable &#147;make-whole&#148; premium. On or after March&nbsp;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. In addition
 at any time prior to
March&nbsp;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem up to 35% of the 2022 Notes at a redemption price of 104.875% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings. 

 in the event of a change in control of the Company
 the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase the 2022 Notes
at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes
The Indenture contains restrictive
covenants that
 among other things
 limit the ability of the Company and the Guarantors to: (i)&nbsp;pay dividends or make other restricted payments
 (ii)&nbsp;make certain investments
 (iii)&nbsp;incur additional indebtedness or issue preferred
stock
 (iv)&nbsp;create liens
 (v)&nbsp;pay dividends or make other payments (except for certain dividends and payments to the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company)
 (vi)&nbsp;merge or consolidate with other entities or sell substantially
all of its assets
 (vii)&nbsp;enter into transactions with affiliates
 and (viii)&nbsp;engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions. The foregoing limitations are subject to exceptions as set forth in the Indenture. In addition
 if in the
future
 the 2022 Notes have an investment grade credit rating by both Moody&#146;s Investors Services
 Inc. and Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s Ratings Services
 certain of these covenants will
 thereafter
 no longer apply to the 2022 Notes for so
&nbsp;&#151; On December&nbsp;15
 2001
 the
Urban Redevelopment Authority of Pittsburgh (&#147;URA&#148;) issued $4.0 million of redevelopment bonds
 pursuant to a &#147;Tax Increment Financing Plan&#148; to assist with certain aspects of the development and construction of the Company&#146;s
Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania facilities. The agreement was transferred to the Company as part of the acquisition of the Soup and Infant Feeding Business. The Company has agreed to make certain payments with respect to the principal amount of the
URA&#146;s redevelopment bonds through May 2019. As of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 $1.6 million remains outstanding that matures May&nbsp;1
 2019. Interest accrues at an annual rate of 7.16%. 
&nbsp;&#151; The Company owes $8.3 million related to capital leases. Capital lease obligations represent machinery
and equipment financing obligations
 which are payable in monthly installments of principal and interest
 and are collateralized by the related assets financed. 




&nbsp;&#151; The Company has authorized 90&nbsp;million shares of common stock with a par value of $0.01 per share. No
On July&nbsp;16
 2014
 the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with J.P. Morgan Securities
 LLC
 Wells
Fargo Securities
 LLC
 and Merrill Lynch
 Pierce
 Fenner
&nbsp;&amp; Smith
 Incorporated
 as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (together
 the &#147;Underwriters&#148;)
 relating to the issuance and sale by the Company of up
to 4
950
331 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 par value $0.01 per share (the &#147;Common 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



Stock&#148;)
 at a price of $75.50 per share. On July&nbsp;22
 2014
 the Company closed the public offering of an aggregate 4
950
331 shares
 at a price of $75.50 per share. The Company used the
net proceeds ($358 million) from the stock offering to fund
 in part
As of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 there were 42
662
521
 &#151; The Company has authorized 10&nbsp;million
shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.01 per share. No preferred stock has been issued. 




&nbsp;&#151; Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the number of weighted average common
shares outstanding during the reporting period. The weighted average number of common shares used in the diluted earnings per share calculation is determined using the treasury stock method and includes the incremental effect related to outstanding
options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
The following table summarizes the effect of the share-based compensation
awards on the weighted average number of shares outstanding used in calculating diluted earnings per share: 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31
















(In thousands
 except per share data)













































































































































 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and performance units excluded from our computation of diluted earnings per share
 because they were anti-dilutive
 were 0.4 million
 0.5 million
 and 0.4 million
for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. 





 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan&#148; (the
&#147;Plan&#148;). Effective February&nbsp;9
 2012
 the Plan was amended and restated to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan. The Plan is administered by our Compensation Committee
 which consists entirely of
independent directors. The Compensation Committee determines specific awards for our executive officers. For all other employees
 if the committee designates
 our Chief Executive Officer or such other officers will
 from time to time
 determine
specific persons to whom awards under the Plan will be granted and the extent of
 and the terms and conditions of each award. The Compensation Committee or its designee
 pursuant to the terms of the Plan
 also will make all other necessary decisions
Under the Plan
 the Compensation Committee may grant awards of various types of equity-based compensation
 including
stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares
 performance units
 other 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



types of stock-based awards
 and other cash-based compensation. The maximum number of shares that are available to be awarded under the Plan is approximately 9.3&nbsp;million
 of which
approximately 1.3&nbsp;million remain available at December&nbsp;31
Income from continuing operations before tax
 for the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 includes stock-based compensation expense for employees and directors of $25.1 million
 $16.1 million
 and $12.8 million
 respectively. The tax benefit recognized related to the compensation cost of these
share-based awards was approximately $8.8 million
 $5.9 million
 and $4.7 million for 2014
 2013
 and 2012
The Company estimates that
certain employees and all directors will complete the required service conditions associated with their awards. For all other employees
 the Company estimates forfeitures
 as not all employees are expected to complete the required service
conditions. The expected service period is the longer of the derived service period
 as determined from the output of the valuation models
 and the service period based on the term of the awards. 

























































Outstanding
 at January&nbsp;1
 2014
















































































































Outstanding
 at December&nbsp;31
 2014













































Vested/expect to vest
 at December&nbsp;31
 2014













































Exercisable
 at December&nbsp;31
 2014































































Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31




























































Compensation expense related to unvested options totaled $8.8 million at December&nbsp;31
 2014 and will be recognized over
the remaining vesting period of the grants
 which averages 2.1 years. The average grant date fair value of options granted in 2014
 2013
 and 2012 was $23.00
 $20.47
 and $20.70
 respectively. 

 vest one-third on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date
Stock options are valued
using the Black Scholes model. Performance units
 restricted stock
 and restricted stock unit awards are valued using the closing price of the Company&#146;s stock on the date of grant. Expected volatilities for 2014
 2013
 and 2012 are based on
historical volatilities of the Company&#146;s stock price. The risk-free interest 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



rate for periods within the contractual life of the stock options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. We based our expected term on the simplified method
as described under the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&nbsp;107. Under this approach the expected term is 6 years. The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock option awards granted in 2014
 2013
 and 2012 are presented as follows:



















































































Employee restricted stock unit awards generally vest based on the passage of time. These
awards generally vest one-third on each anniversary of the grant date. Director restricted stock units vest
 generally
 on the first anniversary of the grant date of the award. Certain directors have deferred receipt of their awards until either
their departure from the Board of Directors or a specified date. As of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 87&nbsp;thousand director restricted stock units have been earned and deferred. The following table summarizes the restricted stock unit activity during
the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014: 
















































Outstanding
 at January 1
 2014

























































































Outstanding
 at December 31
 2014





















































Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31




























































Future compensation costs for restricted stock units is approximately $16.7 million as of December&nbsp;31
 2014 and will be
 &#151; Performance unit awards are granted to certain members of
management. These awards contain service and performance conditions. For each of the three performance periods
 one third of the units will accrue
 multiplied by a predefined percentage between 0% and 200%
 depending on the achievement of certain
operating performance measures. Additionally
 for the cumulative performance period
 a number of units will accrue
 equal to the number of units granted multiplied by a predefined percentage between 0% and 200%
 depending on the achievement of
certain operating performance measures
 less any units previously accrued. Accrued units will be converted to stock or cash
 at the discretion of the Compensation Committee
 generally
 on the third anniversary of the grant date. The Company intends
to settle these awards in stock and has the shares available to do so. On June&nbsp;27
 2014
 based on achievement of operating performance measures
 34
311 performance units were converted into 5
541 shares of common stock
 an average conversion
ratio of 0.16 shares for each performance unit. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



2014: 




























Unvested
 at January 1
 2014

















































Unvested
 at December 31
 2014





































Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31




























































Future compensation cost related to the performance units is estimated to be approximately $15.1 million as of
December&nbsp;31
 2014 and is expected to be recognized over the next 2.1 years. The grant date fair value of the awards is equal to the Company&#146;s closing stock price on the date of grant. 






 except for the foreign currency
translation adjustment: 







































Balance at January&nbsp;1
 2012





















































































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2012





















































































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2013





















































































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2014






































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 






 as it pertains to the Company&#146;s permanent investment in its Canadian subsidiaries. 




683) thousand
 $4
592 thousand
 and $(1
626) thousand for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
respectively. 




 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 



























Year Ended December&nbsp;31

























































































































































































































































































































&nbsp;&#151;&nbsp;&nbsp; Certain of our employees and retirees participate in pension and other
postretirement benefit plans. Employee benefit plan obligations and expenses included in the Consolidated Financial Statements are determined based on plan assumptions
 employee demographic data
 including years of service and compensation
 benefits
and claims paid
&nbsp;&#151;&nbsp;&nbsp; Certain of our non-union employees participate in
savings and profit sharing plans. These plans generally provide for salary reduction contributions to the plans on behalf of the participants of between 1% and 80% of a participant&#146;s annual compensation and provide for employer matching and
profit sharing contributions. The Company established a tax-qualified defined contribution plan to manage the assets. For 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 the Company made matching contributions to the plan of $6.0 million
 $4.9 million
 and $4.5 million
&nbsp;&#151;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Company contributes to several multiemployer pension plans on behalf of
employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. These plans are administered jointly by management 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



and union representatives and cover substantially all full-time and certain part-time union employees who are not covered by other plans. The risks of participating in multiemployer plans are
different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: (1)&nbsp;assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers
 (2)&nbsp;if a participating employer
stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers
 and (3)&nbsp;if the Company chooses to stop participating in a multiemployer plan
 we could
 under certain circumstances
 be
liable for unfunded vested benefits or other expenses of jointly administered union/management plans. The Company withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Trust Plan as a result of the closure of our Portland pickle facility during
2013. The Company is liable for a share of the plan&#146;s unfunded vested benefits. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 a withdrawal liability in the amount of $0.9 million was included in the Accounts payable and accrued expenses line of the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. This liability was paid off during 2014
 with no remaining liability for the withdrawal as of December&nbsp;31
 2014. No liabilities were established
 as withdrawal from the remaining plans is not probable. In 2014
2013
 and 2012
 the contributions to these plans
 excluding withdrawal payments
 were $1.5 million
 $1.4 million
 and $1.5 million
The
Company&#146;s participation in multiemployer pension plans is outlined in the table below. The EIN column provides the Employer Identification Number (&#147;EIN&#148;) of each plan. Unless otherwise noted
 the most recent Pension Protection Act
zone status available in 2014 and 2013 is for the plan&#146;s year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. The zone status is based on information that the Company received from the plan
 and is certified by the plan&#146;s actuary.
Among other factors
 plans in the red zone are generally less than 65% funded
 plans in the yellow zone are less than 80% funded
 and plans in the green zone are at least 80% funded. The FIP column indicates plans for which a financial improvement
plan &#147;(&#147;FIP&#148;) is either pending or has been implemented. The last column lists the expiration date(s) of the collective-bargaining agreement(s) to which the plans are subject. There have been no significant changes in the number of
Company employees covered by the multiemployer plans or other significant events that would affect the comparability of contributions to the plans. 


























































 31










































































Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan







































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



for the following plan and plan years: 










Contributions&nbsp;(as&nbsp;of&nbsp;December&nbsp;
31


Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan



&nbsp;2013


&nbsp;&#151;The Company established a tax-qualified pension plan and master trust to
manage the portion of the pension plan assets related to eligible salaried
 non-union
 and union employees not covered by a multiemployer pension plan. We also retain investment consultants to assist our Investment Committee with formulating a
long-term investment policy for the master trust. The expected long-term rate of return on assets is based on projecting long-term market returns for the various asset classes in which the plan&#146;s assets are invested
 weighted by the target
asset allocations. The estimated ranges are primarily based on observations of historical asset returns and their historical volatility. In determining the expected returns
 we also consider consensus forecasts of certain market and economic factors
that influence returns
 such as inflation
 gross domestic product trends
 and dividend yields. Active management of the plan assets may result in adjustments to the historical returns. We review the rate of return assumption annually. 

minimize reliance on plan sponsor contributions as a source of benefit security. The Company&#146;s investment policy includes various guidelines and procedures designed to ensure assets are invested in a manner necessary to meet expected future
benefits earned by participants. Central to the policy are target allocation ranges by major asset classes. The objective of the target allocations is to ensure the assets are invested with the intent to protect pension plan assets so that such
assets are preserved for the provision of benefits to participants and their beneficiaries and such long-term growth as may maximize the amounts available to provide such benefits without undue risk. Additionally
 we consider the weighted average
return of a capital markets model and historical returns on comparable equity
 debt
 and other investments. Our current asset mix guidelines
 under the investment policy
 target equities at 55% to 65% of the portfolio and fixed income at 35% to 45%.
At December&nbsp;31
 2014
 our master trust was invested as follows: equity securities of 59.7%
 fixed income securities of 40.2% and cash and cash equivalents of 0.1%. Equity securities primarily include investments in collective equity funds that
invest in domestic and international securities
 with a primary focus on domestic securities. Fixed income securities primarily include investments in collective funds that invest in corporate bonds of companies from diversified industries. Other
investments are short term in nature
 including certificates of deposit
 investments in a collective bond fund that invests in commercial paper
 time deposits
 fixed rate notes and bonds and others. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



 2014 and 2013
 by asset
category is as follows: 

















December&nbsp;31
 2014






































































































































December&nbsp;31
 2013

























































































































 which seeks to offer a competitive rate of return through a portfolio of high-grade
 short term
 and money market instruments. Principal preservation is the primary
objective of this fund. 




 as characterized by the Barclays Capital Aggregate Bond Index. 








equity in developed and emerging markets. 




 as characterized by the Barclays Capital U.S. 1-5 year
Credit Bond Index. 




exposure. 




a core bond investment position
 providing exposure to the U.S. Fixed Income market. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 






 either directly or indirectly. 

 incremental pension
benefits are only earned for changes in compensation affecting final average pay. Pension benefits earned by union employees covered by collective bargaining agreements
 but not participating in multiemployer pension plans
 are earned based on
creditable years of service and the specified benefit amounts negotiated as part of the collective bargaining agreements. The Company&#146;s funding policy provides that annual contributions to the pension plan master trust will be at least equal to
the minimum amounts required by Employee Retirement Security Act of 1974
 as amended. The Company estimates that its 2015 contributions to its pension plans will be $1.6 million. In 2014
 the retirement of selected employees with substantial pension
balances owed upon retirement was deemed a settlement charge of $0.6 million. The measurement date for the defined benefit pension plans is December&nbsp;31. In 2014
 the actuarial loss relating to the defined benefit pension plans was primarily
&nbsp;&#151; Certain employees
participate in benefit programs that provide certain health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees and their eligible dependents. The plans are unfunded. The Company estimates that its 2015 contributions to its postretirement benefit
The Company contributes to certain
multiemployer postretirement benefit plans other than pensions on behalf of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. These plans are administered jointly by management and union representatives and cover all eligible retirees. These
plans are primarily health and welfare funds and carry the same multiemployer risks as identified at the beginning of this Note. Total contributions to these plans were $2.5 million
 $2.2 million
 and $1.8 million for the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013: 




























































Benefit obligation
 at beginning of year









































































































































Benefit obligation
 at end of year

























































Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year

































































































Fair value of plan assets
 at year end













































































































































































































































































Total
 before tax effect

















































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013 are as follows: 



































































































































The following table summarizes the net periodic cost of our pension plans and postretirement plans
 for the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012: 

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































The estimated amount that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net pension cost in 2015 is as
follows: 














































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 





















































































































Benefit obligation
 end of year

















Benefit obligation
 end of year










Most of our employees are not eligible for postretirement medical benefits and of those that are
 the majority are covered by
a multi-employer plan in which expenses are paid as incurred. The effect on those covered by plans for which we maintain a liability was not significant. 



OTHER OPERATING EXPENSE
 NET 

 net of $2.4 million
 $5.9 million
 and $3.8 million
 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
and 2012
 respectively. Other operating expenses (income)
 net consisted of the following: 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31

































































Total other operating expense
 net


































 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31






















































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



 2014
 2013
 and 2012 included the
settlement of 0.2&nbsp;million
 0.2&nbsp;million
 and 0.3&nbsp;million shares
 respectively
 of restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and performance stock units
 where shares were withheld to satisfy the minimum statutory tax withholding
requirements. 





 plant
 equipment
 and distribution warehouses used in our operations under both capital and operating lease
agreements. These leases have terms ranging from one to seventeen years. Rent expense under operating lease commitments was $28.3 million
 $22.8 million
 and $21.6 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.
The composition of capital leases
 which are reflected as Property
 plant
 and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 is as follows: 















December&nbsp;31







































































Future minimum payments at December&nbsp;31
 2014
 under non-cancelable capital leases
 operating leases
 and purchase
obligations
 including input costs such as raw materials
 ingredients
 and packaging
 are summarized as follows: 








































































































































































































































Litigation
 Investigations
 and Audits
claims
 litigation
 audits
 and investigations. The Company believes it has established adequate reserves for liabilities that are probable and reasonably estimable that may be incurred in connection with any such currently pending or threatened
matter
 none of which are significant. In the Company&#146;s opinion
 the settlement of any such currently pending or threatened matter is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations
 or
cash flows. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 







interest rate risk
 foreign currency risk
 and commodity price risk. Derivative contracts are entered into for periods consistent with the related underlying exposure and do not constitute positions independent of those exposures. The Company does
 &#151; The Company manages its exposure to changes
in interest rates by optimizing the use of variable-rate and fixed-rate debt and by utilizing interest rate swaps to hedge our exposure to changes in interest rates
 to reduce the volatility of our financing costs
 and to achieve a desired
proportion of fixed versus floating-rate debt
 based on current and projected marked conditions
Foreign Currency
Risk &#151; 
 we are exposed to foreign currency risks. The Company enters into foreign currency contracts to manage the risk associated with foreign currency cash flows. The Company&#146;s objective
in using foreign currency contracts is to establish a fixed foreign currency exchange rate for the net cash flow requirements of the Canadian operations for purchases that are denominated in U.S. dollars. These contracts do not qualify for hedge
accounting and changes in their fair value are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income
 with their fair value recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company had one foreign currency contract for the purchase of U.S. dollars
 &#151; Certain commodities we use in the production and distribution of our
products are exposed to market price risk. The Company uses derivative contracts to manage this risk. Commodity forward contracts that are derivatives
 generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception under the guidance
for derivatives and hedging activities
 and therefore are not subject to its provisions. For derivative commodity contracts that do not qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception
 the Company records their fair value on the
Company&#146;s Consolidated Balance Sheets
The Company&#146;s forward
purchase commodity contracts include contracts for diesel
 oil
 plastics
 natural gas
 electricity
 and certain contracts that do not meet the requirements for the normal purchases and normal sales scope and exception. 

for oil and plastics are used to manage the Company&#146;s risk associated with the underlying commodity cost of a significant component used in packaging materials. The contracts for natural gas and electricity are used to manage the Company&#146;s
risk associated with the utility costs of its manufacturing facilities
 and the contracts that do not meet the requirements for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception are generally used to manage the price risk associated with raw
material costs. As of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 the Company had outstanding contracts for the purchase of 58
450 megawatts of electricity
 expiring throughout 2015 and 6.4&nbsp;million gallons of diesel
 expiring throughout 2015. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



 its fair value
 and location on the Consolidated Balance
Sheets: 


















December&nbsp;31

















































































































































December&nbsp;31



























































































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 







 2014 and
December&nbsp;31
 2013: 


























December&nbsp;31
 2014


December&nbsp;31
 2013




















































































































































































































































































Cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable are financial assets with carrying values that approximate fair value.
The fair values of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Prior
Credit Agreement
 Term Loan
 Acquisition Term Loan
 2022 Notes
 2018 Notes
 and commodity contracts are determined using Level 2 inputs. Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted market prices that are observable for an asset or liability
 either
directly or indirectly. The fair values of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Prior Credit Agreement
 Term Loan
 and Acquisition Term Loan were estimated using present value techniques and market based interest rates and credit spreads. The fair values
of the Company&#146;s 2022 Notes and 2018 Notes were estimated based on quoted market prices for similar instruments
 where the inputs are considered Level 2
 due to their infrequent trading volume. 

The fair value of the investments was determined using
Level 1 inputs. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement dates. The investments were recorded at fair value on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. 





 making determinations as to the allocation of resources in total rather than on a
segment-level basis. We have designated our reportable segments based on how management views our business. We do not segregate assets between segments for internal reporting. Therefore
 asset-related information has not been presented. The
Company&#146;s reportable segments
 as presented below
 are consistent with the manner in which the Company reports its results to the Chief Operating Decision Maker. Our segments are as follows: 
Our North American Retail Grocery segment sells branded and private label products to customers within the United
States and Canada. These products include non-dairy powdered 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



creamers; sweeteners; condensed
 ready to serve
 and powdered soups
 broths
 and gravies; refrigerated and shelf stable salad dressings and sauces; pickles and related products; Mexican and other
sauces; jams and pie fillings; aseptic products; liquid non-dairy creamer; powdered drinks; single serve hot beverages; specialty teas; hot and cold cereals; baking and mix powders; macaroni and cheese; skillet dinners; and snack nuts
 trail mixes
dried fruit
Our Food Away From Home segment sells non-dairy powdered creamers; sweeteners;
pickles and related products; Mexican and other sauces; refrigerated and shelf stable dressings; aseptic products; hot cereals; powdered drinks; and single serve hot beverages to foodservice customers
 including restaurant chains and food
distribution companies
Our Industrial and Export segment includes the
Company&#146;s co-pack business and non-dairy powdered creamer sales to industrial customers for use in industrial applications
 including products for repackaging in portion control packages and for use as ingredients by other food manufacturers.
This segment sells non-dairy powdered creamer; baking and mix powders; pickles and related products; refrigerated and shelf stable salad dressings; Mexican sauces; aseptic products; soup and infant feeding products; hot cereal; powdered drinks;
single serve hot beverages; specialty teas; nuts; and other products. Export sales are primarily to industrial customers outside of North America. 
The Company evaluates the performance of segments based on net sales dollars and direct operating income (gross profit less freight out
 sales
commissions
 and direct selling and marketing expenses). The amounts in the following tables are obtained from reports used by our Chief Operating Decision Maker and do not include income taxes. Other expenses not allocated include warehouse
start-up costs
 restructuring costs
 unallocated selling and distribution expenses
 and corporate expenses that consist of general and administrative expenses
 amortization expense
 other operating (income) expense
 and other expense (income). The
accounting policies of our segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies set forth in Note 1 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 



















Year Ended December&nbsp;31





































173





642





568























































946





293





182






































































































































































































































































































































































































Geographic
Information
 13.2%
 and 13.0% of total consolidated net sales in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively
 with 11.3%
 12.2%
 and 12.1% from Canada
in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
Long-lived assets consist
of net property
 plant
 and equipment. The geographic location of long-lived assets is as follows: 





















December&nbsp;31



















































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


&nbsp;&#151; Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates accounted for approximately 18.8%
19.0%
 and 20.7% of our consolidated net sales in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. Sales to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates are included in our North American Retail Grocery segment. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of our
Total trade receivables with Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates represented approximately 17.5% and 24.8% of our total trade
receivables as of December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
&nbsp;&#151;&nbsp;The following table presents the
Company&#146;s net sales by major products. In 2013
 due to the Associated Brands acquisition
 the Company updated the product categories. Non-dairy creamer was changed to Beverage enhancers to include sweeteners from Associated Brands. Powdered
drinks was renamed Beverages and now includes the specialty teas and related products from Associated Brands. Hot cereals was renamed Cereals
 as Associated Brands sells cold cereals. In 2014
 we added a product category (Snacks) due to the
acquisition of Flagstone. These changes did not require prior period adjustments. 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31





























































































































































































































































946





293





182

















 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 






 










































(In thousands
 except per share data)






































































































































































































































































































































 the sum of the four quarters may not be the same as the total for the year. 

















 as well as jointly and severally
 by its 100 percent owned direct
and indirect subsidiaries of the parent company (TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.)
 which include Bay Valley
 Sturm Foods
 and S.T. Foods
 in addition to certain legal entities acquired in the acquisition of Flagstone
 which were added in the third quarter:
American Importing Company
 Inc.
 Ann&#146;s House of Nut&#146;s
 Inc.
 and Snacks Parent Corporation (collectively known as the guarantor subsidiaries). There are no significant restrictions on the ability of the parent company or any guarantor to
obtain funds from its subsidiaries by dividend or loan. The following supplemental consolidating financial information presents the results of operations
 financial position
 and cash flows of the parent company
 its guarantor subsidiaries
 its
non-guarantor subsidiaries and the eliminations necessary to arrive at the information for the Company on a consolidated basis as of December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013 and for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012. We used the equity
method with respect to investments in subsidiaries. The principal elimination entries eliminate investments in subsidiaries and intercompany balances and transactions. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
December&nbsp;31
 2014 







































































































































Accounts receivable
 net
























Inventories
 net






























































































































Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

































464














667







269














803







Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net
















































Intangible and other assets
 net



















































266





828










842





903















































































































































































439



















445



























































759





269










803





759





























266





828










842





903

























 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
December&nbsp;31
 2013 







































































































































Accounts receivable
 net
























Inventories
 net




























































































































Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net















































119







970














228







Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net
















































Intangible and other assets
 net



















































250





416










269





721

























































































































































































































































273





970










228





273





























250





416










269





721

























 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 


















































537















946











017















339


















































Selling
 general
 and administrative expense



















































Other operating expense
 net

















































































































































Other expense
 net














































(Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes

















































































































































Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 


















































011















293











593















818


















































Selling
 general
 and administrative expense



















































Other operating expense
 net




























































































































Other (income) expense
 net














































(Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes



















































































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 


















































936















182











541















728


















































Selling
 general
 and administrative expense



















































Other operating (income) expense
 net


























































































































Other expense
 net

































































































































































































Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 



















































































































Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of tax






































































































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 




















































































































Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of tax























Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax




































































































































































Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 




















































































































Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of tax























Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax



































































































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
Fiscal Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 



























































































Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment






















































055






















Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired







035















































































































080




















089













































































































































































































































































Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year














































Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year














































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
Fiscal Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 


























































































Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

















































Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired

























































































































































































































































































































































































Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year













































Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year














































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



























Fiscal Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2012




































































Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

















































Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired










































































































































































































































































































































Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year













































Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year













































 













 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the 1934 Act is (1)&nbsp;recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods
specified in applicable rules and forms
 and (2)&nbsp;accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 in a manner that allows timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

December&nbsp;31
 2014
 which have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. 


 as such term is defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) under the 1934 Act. The Company&#146;s management
 with the participation of the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial
&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The scope of management&#146;s assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2014 includes all of the Company&#146;s subsidiaries. However
 we have excluded the operations of Protenergy and Flagstone from our evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
as of December&nbsp;31
 2014 because Protenergy and Flagstone were acquired by the Company in 2014. The net sales and total assets of Protenergy represented approximately 4.0% and 5.2%
 respectively
 of the Consolidated Financial Statement amounts
for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014. The net sales and total assets of Flagstone represented approximately 9.8% and 24.5%
 respectively
 of the Consolidated Financial Statement amounts for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014. Based on this
evaluation
 the Company&#146;s management has concluded that
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

 Deloitte&nbsp;&amp; Touche LLP
 has issued an attestation report on the Company&#146;s
internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
Because of its inherent limitations
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 




 



 
TreeHouse Foods
Oak Brook
We have audited the internal control
over financial reporting of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of December&nbsp;31
 2014
issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As described in the Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
 management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Protenergy
Natural Foods and subsidiaries (Protenergy)
 which were acquired on May&nbsp;30
 2014
 and Flagstone Foods and subsidiaries (Flagstone)
 which were acquired on July&nbsp;29
 2014. The net sales and total assets of Protenergy represented
approximately 4.0% and 5.2%
 respectively
 of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014. The net sales and total assets of Flagstone represented approximately 9.8% and 24.5%
 respectively
 of
the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014. Accordingly
 our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Protenergy and Flagstone. The Company&#146;s management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over
We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
 and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 or under the supervision of
 the company&#146;s principal executive and
principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the company&#146;s board of directors
 management
 and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&nbsp;pertain to the
maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
(3)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of
controls
 material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the
risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 based on
the criteria established in
 




 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States)
 the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 of the Company and our report dated February&nbsp;19
 2015
 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial
statements and financial statement schedule. 

February&nbsp;19
 2015 
 



 



Directors
Information required by this item about
our directors and executive officers is included in our Proxy Statement (&#147;2015 Proxy Statement&#148;) to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2015 annual meeting of the stockholders under the headings

Management&nbsp;&#151; Directors and Executive Officers 

 by our executive officers and directors
 persons who own
more than ten percent of our common stock
 and their affiliates who are required to comply with such reporting requirements
 is included in our 2015 Proxy Statement under the headings
Security Ownership of
 and is incorporated herein by reference. Information about the Audit Committee Financial Expert is included in our 2015 Proxy
Statement under the heading

 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Compensation Committee


April&nbsp;23
Our Code of Ethics
 which is applicable to all of our employees and directors
 is available on our
corporate website at http://www.treehousefoods.com
 along with the Corporate Governance Guidelines of our Board of Directors and the charters of the Committees of our Board of Directors. Any waivers that we may grant to our executive officers or
directors under the Code of Ethics
 and any amendments to our Code of Ethics
 will be posted on our corporate website. Any of these items or any of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available in print to any shareowner who
requests them. Requests should be sent to Investor Relations
 TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 2021 Spring Road
 Suite 600
 Oak Brook
 IL 60523. 



The information required by this item is included in the 2015
Proxy Statement under the headings

 Compensation Discussion and Analysis
 Executive Compensation
and is incorporated
herein by reference. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this report
section of the 2015 Proxy Statement shall be deemed to be &#147;furnished&#148; and not &#147;filed&#148; for
purposes of the 1934 Act. 




The information required by this item is included in the 2015 Proxy Statement under the heading

Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 



Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The information
required by this item is included in the 2015 Proxy Statement under the heading
 



The information required by this item is included in the
2015 Proxy Statement under the heading
 
 



 



The following documents are filed as part of this
Form 10-K. 




























Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013





Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012





Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and
2012





Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and
2012





Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012






































 



 

 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 





 INC.








February&nbsp;19
 2015 
 




 this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 





















Chairman of the Board
 President





&nbsp;2015



















 2015

















 2015














 2015














 2015














 2015














 2015














 2015








/s/ Terdema L. Ussery
 II

 II




 2015














 2015




 



 
TREEEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 

December&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 






































































































































 



 

















 dated as of April 20
 2007
 among Silver Brands Partners II
 L.P.
 VDW Farms
 Ltd.
 VDW Management
 L.L.C.
 and Bay Valley Foods
 LLC is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K
dated April 23
 2007.







 dated as of June 24
 2007 between E.D. Smith Operating Trust
 E.D. Smith Limited Partnership
 E.D. Smith Income Fund
 and TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on
Form 8-K dated June 27
 2007.







 dated as of December 20
 2009
 among TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 Sturm Foods
 Inc.
 HMSF
 L.P.
 and other shareholders of Sturm Foods
 Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on
Form 8-K dated December 20
 2009.







 2010
 among STSF Holdings LLC
 STSF Holdings
 Inc.
 S.T. Specialty Foods
 Inc.
 and the Company is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
on Form 8-K dated September 13
 2010.







 LLC and the Company is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 13
 2010.







 dated as of August 7
 2013
 by and among TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 TorQuest Partners Fund II
 L.P.
 the other sellers party thereto and Associated Brands Management Holdings Inc.
 Associated Brands
Holdings Limited Partnership
 Associated Brands GP Corporation
 and 6726607 Canada Limited is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 7
 2013.







 dated as of April 18
 2014
 by and among TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 Whitecastle Investments Limited
 the other sellers party thereto and PFF Capital is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current
Report on Form 8-K dated April 18
 2014.







 dated as of June 27
 2014
 by and among Bay Valley Foods LLC
 Snacks Acquisition Sub
 Inc.
 Snacks Parent Corporation and Gryphon Partners is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current
Report on Form 8-K dated June 27
 2014.







 Inc.
 as amended April 28
 2011
 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28
 2011.







 Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 25
 2011.







 Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28
 2011.







 Inc. Common Stock Certificate is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Commission on June 9
 2005.







 2005.







 dated March 2
 2010
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 2
 2010.







 dated March 2
 2010
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 2
2010.
 



















 dated March&nbsp;2
 2010
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated March&nbsp;2
2010.







 dated October 28
 2010
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2010.







 dated as of March 11
 2014
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current
Report on Form 8-K dated March 11
 2014.







 dated as of March 11
 2014
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current
Report on Form 8-K dated March 11
 2014.







 dated January 27
 2005
 by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Sam K. Reed is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Commission on May 13
2005.







 dated January 27
 2005
 by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and David B. Vermylen is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Commission on May 13
2005.







 dated January 27
 2005
 by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Thomas E. O&#146;Neill is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Commission on May 13
2005.







 dated January 27
 2005
 by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Harry J. Walsh is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Commission on May 13
2005.







 2005.







 David B. Vermylen
 E. Nichol McCully
 Thomas E. O&#146;Neill
 and Harry J. Walsh is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to
Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Commission on June 9
 2005.







 Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 3
 2005.







 dated as of May 6
 2014
 between the Company
 Bank of America
 N.A. and the other lenders party thereto is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 6
 2014.







 2014 among the Company
 Bank of America
 N.A. and the other lenders party thereto is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K dated July 29
2014.







 2006 by and among TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and a group of Purchasers is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 22
 2006.







 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan&#148; is incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Schedule 14A (Proxy Statement)
dated February 27
 2007.
 



















 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission August&nbsp;8
 2007.







 2005 Employment Agreement by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Sam K. Reed is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.







 2005 Employment Agreement by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Thomas E. O&#146;Neill is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
2008.







 2005 Employment Agreement by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and David B. Vermylen is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.







 2005 Employment Agreement by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Harry J. Walsh is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.







 Inc. and Dennis F. Riordan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.







 Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.







 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.







 Inc. Executive Severance Plan
 amended and restated as of February 21
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 21
 2014.







 date April 21
 2009
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Dennis F. Riordan is Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 21
 2009.







 2009.







 2009.







 2009.







 2009.







 2009.







 2009.







 2009.
 



















 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of our Form 10-K filed with the Commission February 21
 2013.







 dated February&nbsp;10
 2011
 between the Company and David B. Vermylen is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February&nbsp;10
 2011.







 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company&#146;s Definitive Proxy Statement dated March 6
 2013.







 dated January 27
 2005
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Sam K. Reed
 dated February 24
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
dated February 21
 2014.







 dated January 27
 2005
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Thomas E. O&#146;Neill
 dated February 24
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
on Form 8-K dated February 21
 2014.







 dated January 27
 2005
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Harry J. Walsh
 dated February 24
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form
8-K dated February 21
 2014.







 dated November 8
 2007
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Dennis F. Riordan
 dated February 21
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on
Form 8-K dated February 21
 2014.







 Inc. and Christopher D. Sliva
 dated February 24
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 21
 2014.





















 Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP.















































































 















COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES



























Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31













































136
570



124
910



124
209



139
798



136
400



























62
206



66
913



69
246



71
045



56
955


Capitalization of interest
 net of amortization




































































198
728



192
443



193
486



210
455



193
355

















































42
036



49
304



51
609



53
023



45
691




























20
035



17
552



17
069



17
274



11
027



























62
206



66
913



69
246



71
045



56
955
























































































Bay Valley Foods
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability
Sturm Foods
 Inc.


 Inc.
Cains Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
Associated Brands
 Inc.


 Inc.
American Importing Company
 Inc.
 a
Ann&#146;s House of Nuts
 Inc.


 Ltd.
 a British Columbia
Associated Brands
 Inc.
 a
British Columbia
Protenergy Natural Foods Corporation
 an Ontario
 Canada corporation 















by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-126161
 333-150053
 and 333-183321 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No.&nbsp;333-192440 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February&nbsp;19
 2015
 relating to the consolidated financial statements
and financial statement schedule of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) and the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting
 appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company
for the year ended December&nbsp;31


February&nbsp;19
 2015 















I
 Sam K. Reed
 certify that: 




I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.; 




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by the report; 




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and





The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the
registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
 and report financial information; and 




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
February&nbsp;19
 2015 











Chairman of the Board
 President and
















I
 Dennis F. Riordan
 certify that: 




I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.; 




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by the report; 




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and





The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the
registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
 and report financial information; and 




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
February&nbsp;19
 2015 




























AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
In connection with the Annual Report of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on
Form 10-K for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Sam K. Reed
 Chairman of the Board
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that: 










The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.









Chairman of the Board
 President and
February&nbsp;19
 2015 















AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
In connection with the Annual Report of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on
Form 10-K for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Dennis F. Riordan
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that: 










The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.










February&nbsp;19
 2015 



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2001
 the Urban Redevelopment Authority of Pittsburgh (&#x201C;URA&#x201D;) issued redevelopment bonds
 pursuant to a &#x201C;Tax Increment Financing Plan&#x201D; to assist with certain aspects of the development and construction of the Company&#x2019;s Pittsburgh

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase the 2022 Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014
 the proceeds of which were used to fund
 in part

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED
 EXPENSES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;217
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;154
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payroll and benefits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
507&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
030&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Health insurance
 workers&amp;#x2019; compensation
 and other insurance
 costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
358&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;296
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;238
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 18pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;Advertising costs are expensed
 as incurred and reported in the Selling and distribution line of
 our Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;19.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;COMMITMENTS AND
 CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We lease certain property
 plant
 equipment
 and distribution
 warehouses used in our operations under both capital and operating
 lease agreements. These leases have terms ranging from one to
 seventeen years. Rent expense under operating lease commitments was
 $28.3 million
 $22.8 million
 and $21.6 million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The composition of capital leases
 which are reflected as Property
 plant
 and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
691&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
495&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
109&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Future minimum payments at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 under
 non-cancelable capital leases
 operating leases
 and purchase
 obligations
 including input costs such as raw materials
 ingredients
 and packaging
 are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital&lt;br /&gt;
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Purchase&lt;br /&gt;
 Obligations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
930&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;501
802&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
633&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
903&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
223&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
901&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
046&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;143&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total minimum payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
819&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;126
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;538
960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less amount representing interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Present value of capital lease obligations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
311&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Litigation
 Investigations
 and Audits&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; The
 Company is party in the ordinary course of business to certain
 claims
 litigation
 audits
 and investigations. The Company
 believes it has established adequate reserves for liabilities that
 are probable and reasonably estimable that may be incurred in
 connection with any such currently pending or threatened matter
 none of which are significant. In the Company&amp;#x2019;s opinion
 the
 settlement of any such currently pending or threatened matter is
 not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Facility Closing and Reorganization Costs&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We
 periodically record facility closing and reorganization charges
 when we have identified a facility for closure or other
 reorganization opportunity
 developed a plan
 and notified the
 affected employees. These charges are incurred as a component of
 operating income. See Note 3 for more information.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;EARNINGS PER SHARE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Basic earnings per share is
 computed by dividing net income by the number of weighted average
 common shares outstanding during the reporting period. The weighted
 average number of common shares used in the diluted earnings per
 share calculation is determined using the treasury stock method and
 includes the incremental effect related to outstanding options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and performance
 units.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the effect of the share-based
 compensation awards on the weighted average number of shares
 outstanding used in calculating diluted earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
363&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed exercise/vesting of equity awards (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;978&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;963&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
238&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net earnings per basic share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.44&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net earnings per diluted share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.38&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and performance units excluded from our
 computation of diluted earnings per share
 because they were
 anti-dilutive
 were 0.4 million
 0.5 million
 and 0.4 million for
 the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Intangible and Other Assets&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Identifiable
 intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their
 estimated useful lives as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Straight-line method over 5 to 20 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Trademarks&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Straight-line method over 10 to 20 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Non-competition agreements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Straight-line method over the terms of the
 agreements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Deferred financing costs&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Straight-line method over the terms of the related
 debt&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Formulas/recipes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Straight-line method over 5 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Computer software&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Straight-line method over 2 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Indefinite lived trademarks are evaluated for impairment annually
 in the fourth quarter or more frequently
 if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Impairment
 is indicated when their book value exceeds fair value. If the fair
 value of an evaluated asset is less than its book value
 the asset
 is written down to fair value
 which is generally based on its
 discounted future cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 24px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Amortizable intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever
 events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
 amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation of the undiscounted
 cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its
 estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted future
 cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Goodwill is evaluated annually in the fourth quarter or more
 frequently
 if events or changes in circumstances require an
 interim assessment. We assess goodwill for impairment at the
 reporting unit level using a market and income approach
 employing
 significant assumptions regarding growth
 discount rates
 and
 profitability at each reporting unit. The market approach uses a
 market multiple methodology employing revenues and earnings before
 interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and amortization
 (&amp;#x201C;EBITDA&amp;#x201D;) and applies a range of multiples to those
 amounts in determining the indicated fair value. In determining the
 multiples used in this approach
 we obtain the multiples for
 selected peer companies using the most recent publically available
 information. Our estimates under the income approach are determined
 based on a discounted cash flow model. In determining the indicated
 fair value of each reporting unit
 the Company weighs both the
 market and income approach results
 with each approach given equal
 weighting. The final value is then compared to the carrying value
 of each reporting unit. If the book value of the reporting unit
 exceeds its fair value
 the goodwill is impaired and written down
 to fair value.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;em&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Pickle
 inventories are valued using the LIFO method and Flagstone
 inventories are valued using the weighted average costing approach
 while all of our other inventories are valued using the FIFO
 method. The costs of finished goods inventories include raw
 materials
 labor
 and overhead costs.


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following is a reconciliation of income tax expense computed at
 the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to the income tax expense
 reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax at statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
473&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit of cross-border intercompany financing structure&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
579&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
909&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
079&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(676&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
996&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total provision for income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The estimated amount that will be amortized from accumulated other
 comprehensive income into net pension cost in 2015 is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=77%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
460&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the restricted stock unit activity
 during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employee&lt;br /&gt;
 Restricted&lt;br /&gt;
 Stock&amp;#xA0;Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Director&lt;br /&gt;
 Restricted&lt;br /&gt;
 Stock&amp;#xA0;Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at January 1
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;317&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58.98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;240&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77.72&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79.89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54.17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67.32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71.97&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock option
 awards granted in 2014
 2013
 and 2012 are presented as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the effect of the share-based
 compensation awards on the weighted average number of shares
 outstanding used in calculating diluted earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
363&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed exercise/vesting of equity awards (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;978&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;963&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
238&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net earnings per basic share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.44&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net earnings per diluted share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.38&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and performance units excluded from our
 computation of diluted earnings per share
 because they were
 anti-dilutive
 were 0.4&amp;#xA0;million
 0.5&amp;#xA0;million
 and
 0.4&amp;#xA0;million for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  


  
  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE
 ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;North&amp;#xA0;American&lt;br /&gt;
 Retail Grocery&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Food&amp;#xA0;Away&lt;br /&gt;
 From&amp;#xA0;Home&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Industrial&lt;br /&gt;
 and&amp;#xA0;Export&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;845
216&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
393&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;133
582&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
073
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
968&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
135&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency exchange adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
416&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(956&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(109&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
481&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;884
768&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;95
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138
864&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
119
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;556
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;556
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase price adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
991&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reallocation of goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
557&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency exchange adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
184&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
632&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
439
476&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;134
086&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
667
985&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company has not incurred any goodwill impairments since its
 inception.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Approximately $333.3 million of goodwill is deductible for tax
 purposes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The carrying amount of our intangible assets with indefinite lives
 other than goodwill
 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013 is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total indefinite lived intangibles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The change in the balance from 2013 to 2014 was due to the impact
 of foreign exchange. Our 2014 and 2013 impairment review of
 indefinite lived intangible assets resulted in no impairment.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The gross carrying amounts and accumulated amortization of our
 finite lived intangible assets as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and
 2013 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=40%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets with finite lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer-related&amp;#xA0;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;794
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(168
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;625
838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;525
820&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(133
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;392
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Contractual agreements&amp;#xA0;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
829&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;433&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
249&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(87&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks&amp;#xA0;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
579&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
302&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas/recipes&amp;#xA0;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(4)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
708&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
174&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computer software&amp;#xA0;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(5)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(31
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
087&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
793&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
294&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total other intangibles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;905
673&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(218
370&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;687
303&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;613
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(168
815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;444
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 the weighted average remaining useful
 lives for the amortizable intangible assets are
 (1)&amp;#xA0;customer-related at 13.9 years
 (2)&amp;#xA0;contractual
 agreements at 1.7 years
 (3)&amp;#xA0;trademarks at 11.8 years
 (4)&amp;#xA0;formulas/recipes at 4.6 years
 and (5)&amp;#xA0;computer
 software at 4.2 years. The weighted average remaining useful life
 in total for all amortizable intangible assets is 13.4 years as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Amortization expense on intangible assets was $52.6 million
 $35.4
 million
 and $33.5 million
 for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. Estimated intangible asset
 amortization expense for the next five years is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
065&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
233&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
906&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
914&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Total intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013 were $716.3 million and $475.8
 million
 respectively
 the increase of which is primarily the
 result of acquisitions in 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the
 impact of operating changes and to estimate future cash flows.
 Assumptions used in our impairment evaluations
 such as forecasted
 growth rates and our cost of capital
 are consistent with our
 internal projections and operating plans.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; The provision for income taxes
 includes federal
 foreign
 state
 and local income taxes currently
 payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences
 between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and
 liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based
 on the difference between the financial statement and income tax
 bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. Valuation
 allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is
 more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
 Deferred income tax expenses or credits are based on the changes in
 the asset or liability from period to period.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING
 PRONOUNCEMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In August 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) issued Accounting Standards Update
 (&amp;#x201C;ASU&amp;#x201D;) No.&amp;#xA0;2014-15
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Disclosure of Uncertainties
 about an Entity&amp;#x2019;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&lt;/i&gt;
 providing additional guidance surrounding the disclosure of going
 concern uncertainties in the financial statements and implementing
 requirements for management to perform interim and annual
 assessments of an entity&amp;#x2019;s ability to continue as a going
 concern within one year of the date the financial statements are
 issued. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods
 within those years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. The
 Company does not anticipate the adoption of the ASU will result in
 additional disclosures
 however
 management will begin performing
 the periodic assessments required by the ASU on its effective
 date.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) issued Accounting Standards Update
 (&amp;#x201C;ASU&amp;#x201D;) No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with
 Customers&lt;/i&gt;
 which introduced a new framework to be used when
 recognizing revenue in an attempt to reduce complexity and increase
 comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions
 and capital markets. The ASU is
 effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. The standard requires that
 entities apply the effects of these changes to all prior years
 presented
 upon adoption
 using either the full retrospective
 method
 which presents the impact of the change separately in each
 prior year presented
 or the modified retrospective method
 which
 includes the cumulative changes to all prior years presented in
 beginning retained earnings in the year of initial adoption. The
 Company has not yet determined which of the two adoption methods to
 elect. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this
 standard will have upon adoption.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-04
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Obligations Resulting from
 Joint and Several Liability Arrangements for Which the Total Amount
 of the Obligation is Fixed at the Reporting Date&lt;/i&gt;
 clarifying
 how entities are required to measure obligations resulting from
 joint and several liability arrangements and outlining the required
 disclosures around these liabilities. The ASU is effective for
 fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning
 after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2013. See Note 11
 Long-Term Debt
 for
 related disclosures. The Company adopted this standard during the
 first quarter of 2014
 the impact of which was not significant.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The composition of capital leases
 which are reflected as Property
 plant
 and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
691&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
495&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
109&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table identifies the derivative
 its fair value
 and
 location on the Consolidated Balance Sheets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=50%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=37%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance Sheet Location&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Asset Derivatives&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Liability Derivatives&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=5&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;North&amp;#xA0;American&lt;br /&gt;
 Retail Grocery&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Food&amp;#xA0;Away&lt;br /&gt;
 From&amp;#xA0;Home&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Industrial&lt;br /&gt;
 and&amp;#xA0;Export&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;845
216&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
393&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;133
582&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
073
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
968&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
135&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency exchange adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
416&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(956&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(109&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
481&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;884
768&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;95
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138
864&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
119
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;556
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;556
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase price adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
991&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reallocation of goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
557&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency exchange adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
184&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
632&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
439
476&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;134
086&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
667
985&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Components of Income from continuing operations
 before income
 taxes are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic source&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;147
452&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;112
872&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign source&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
337&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw materials and supplies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;279
745&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;162
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;334
856&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;264
829&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 LIFO reserve&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21
882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;594
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;405
698&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the net periodic cost of our pension
 plans and postretirement plans
 for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Postretirement&amp;#xA0;Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Components of net periodic costs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
289&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
772&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
321&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;455&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;603&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;663&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
733&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
510&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 ASC 715 settlement charge&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;564&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
096&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
532&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes stock option activity during
 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employee&lt;br /&gt;
 Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Director&lt;br /&gt;
 Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term (yrs.)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;84
840&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62.42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
088&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29.34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
858&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested/expect to vest
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;22.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
 AND MAJOR CUSTOMERS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company manages operations on a company-wide basis
 making
 determinations as to the allocation of resources in total rather
 than on a segment-level basis. We have designated our reportable
 segments based on how management views our business. We do not
 segregate assets between segments for internal reporting.
 Therefore
 asset-related information has not been presented. The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s reportable segments
 as presented below
 are
 consistent with the manner in which the Company reports its results
 to the Chief Operating Decision Maker. Our segments are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;North American Retail Grocery &amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;Our North American Retail
 Grocery segment sells branded and private label products to
 customers within the United States and Canada. These products
 include non-dairy powdered creamers; sweeteners; condensed
 ready
 to serve
 and powdered soups
 broths
 and gravies; refrigerated and
 shelf stable salad dressings and sauces; pickles and related
 products; Mexican and other sauces; jams and pie fillings; aseptic
 products; liquid non-dairy creamer; powdered drinks; single serve
 hot beverages; specialty teas; hot and cold cereals; baking and mix
 powders; macaroni and cheese; skillet dinners; and snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 and other wholesome snacks.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Food Away From Home &amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;Our Food Away From Home
 segment sells non-dairy powdered creamers; sweeteners; pickles and
 related products; Mexican and other sauces; refrigerated and shelf
 stable dressings; aseptic products; hot cereals; powdered drinks;
 and single serve hot beverages to foodservice customers
 including
 restaurant chains and food distribution companies
 within the
 United States and Canada.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Industrial and Export &amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;Our Industrial and Export
 segment includes the Company&amp;#x2019;s co-pack business and non-dairy
 powdered creamer sales to industrial customers for use in
 industrial applications
 including products for repackaging in
 portion control packages and for use as ingredients by other food
 manufacturers. This segment sells non-dairy powdered creamer;
 baking and mix powders; pickles and related products; refrigerated
 and shelf stable salad dressings; Mexican sauces; aseptic products;
 soup and infant feeding products; hot cereal; powdered drinks;
 single serve hot beverages; specialty teas; nuts; and other
 products. Export sales are primarily to industrial customers
 outside of North America.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company evaluates the performance of segments based on net
 sales dollars and direct operating income (gross profit less
 freight out
 sales commissions
 and direct selling and marketing
 expenses). The amounts in the following tables are obtained from
 reports used by our Chief Operating Decision Maker and do not
 include income taxes. Other expenses not allocated include
 warehouse start-up costs
 restructuring costs
 unallocated selling
 and distribution expenses
 and corporate expenses that consist of
 general and administrative expenses
 amortization expense
 other
 operating (income) expense
 and other expense (income). The
 accounting policies of our segments are the same as those described
 in the summary of significant accounting policies set forth in Note
 1&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Summary of
 Significant Accounting Policies.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Financial information relating to the Company&amp;#x2019;s reportable
 segments is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 North American Retail Grocery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
173
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
642
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
568
014&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Food Away From Home&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;380
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;360
868&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;338
357&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial and Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;392
642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;290
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;275
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
946
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
293
927&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
182
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Direct operating income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 North American Retail Grocery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;326
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;244
736&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Food Away From Home&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
913&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial and Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
109&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44
663&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;442
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;364
563&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;333
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated selling and distribution expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
284&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
231&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated cost of sales (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(998&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
728&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
950&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated corporate expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(213
848&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(162
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(140
304&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;178
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(81
584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(53
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(52
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 North American Retail Grocery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Food Away From Home&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
327&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial and Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
379&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
810&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Corporate office (2)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63
281&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
267&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;2013 and 2012 costs primarily related
 to accelerated depreciation and other charges related to
 restructurings.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Includes accelerated depreciation
 related to restructurings for 2013 and 2012.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Geographic Information&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; The Company had revenues
 from customers outside of the United States of approximately 12.4%
 13.2%
 and 13.0% of total consolidated net sales in 2014
 2013
 and
 2012
 respectively
 with 11.3%
 12.2%
 and 12.1% from Canada in
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. Sales are determined based on
 the customer destination where the products are shipped.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Long-lived assets consist of net property
 plant
 and equipment.
 The geographic location of long-lived assets is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-lived assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 United States&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;490
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;416
170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;388
642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462
275&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;425
307&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Major Customers&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and
 affiliates accounted for approximately 18.8%
 19.0%
 and 20.7% of
 our consolidated net sales in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.
 Sales to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates are included in our
 North American Retail Grocery segment. No other customer accounted
 for more than 10% of our consolidated net sales.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Total trade receivables with Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates
 represented approximately 17.5% and 24.8% of our total trade
 receivables as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Product Information&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;The following table
 presents the Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales by major products. In 2013
 due to the Associated Brands acquisition
 the Company updated the
 product categories. Non-dairy creamer was changed to Beverage
 enhancers to include sweeteners from Associated Brands. Powdered
 drinks was renamed Beverages and now includes the specialty teas
 and related products from Associated Brands. Hot cereals was
 renamed Cereals
 as Associated Brands sells cold cereals. In 2014
 we added a product category (Snacks) due to the acquisition of
 Flagstone. These changes did not require prior period
 adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Products:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beverages&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;499
829&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;341
547&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;234
430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Salad Dressings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;361
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;334
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;284
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beverage enhancers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;359
179&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;361
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;362
238&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Soup and infant feeding&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;351
917&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;219
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;281
827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pickles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;302
621&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;297
904&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;308
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Snacks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;287
281&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mexican and other sauces&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;245
171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;232
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cereals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;168
739&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;169
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;162
952&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Dry dinners&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139
285&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
075&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;126
804&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Aseptic products&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;96
136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;91
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other products&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Jams&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61
436&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
946
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
293
927&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
182
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;18.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW
 INFORMATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
598&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
998&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued purchase of property and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
824&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
777&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued other intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
005&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;431&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Non-cash financing activities for the twelve months ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 included the settlement of
 0.2&amp;#xA0;million
 0.2&amp;#xA0;million
 and 0.3&amp;#xA0;million shares
 respectively
 of restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and
 performance stock units
 where shares were withheld to satisfy the
 minimum statutory tax withholding requirements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw materials and supplies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;279
745&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;162
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;334
856&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;264
829&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 LIFO reserve&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21
882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;594
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;405
698&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Approximately $87.4 million and $84.6 million of our inventory was
 accounted for under the LIFO method of accounting at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The LIFO reserve
 reflects the excess of the current cost of LIFO inventories at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013
 over the amount at which these
 inventories were valued on the consolidated balance sheets. No LIFO
 inventory liquidation occurred in 2014 or 2013. Approximately
 $117.3 million of our net inventory was accounted for using the
 weighted average costing approach at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 due to
 the acquisition of Flagstone.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Estimated intangible asset amortization expense for the next five
 years is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
065&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
233&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
906&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
914&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The key actuarial assumptions used to determine the postretirement
 benefit obligations as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013 are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Pre-65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Post&amp;#xA0;65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Pre-65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Post&amp;#xA0;65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Health care cost trend rates:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Health care cost trend rate for next year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Ultimate rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Year ultimate rate achieved&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes information about our pension and
 postretirement benefit plans for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&amp;#xA0;Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousand)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in benefit obligation:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
672&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
942&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
772&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial losses (gains)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
826&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(285&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
317&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
672&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in plan assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actual return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
242&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
431&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Company contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
060&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
317&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets
 at year end&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Funded status of the plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
911&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(173&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-current liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
911&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
982&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net amount recognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
911&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amounts recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Loss:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
675&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;659&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
581&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
788&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(236&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(304&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total
 before tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
809&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; From time to
 time
 we utilize derivative financial instruments including
 interest rate and commodity swaps
 foreign currency contracts
 and
 forward purchase contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate
 foreign currency
 and commodity price risks. We do not hold or
 issue financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.
 The&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Company accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or
 liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are
 not designated as hedges according to GAAP must be adjusted to fair
 value through earnings. For derivative instruments that are
 designated as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain
 or loss is reported as Accumulated other comprehensive loss and
 reclassified into earnings in the same period when the hedged
 transaction affects earnings. The ineffective gain or loss is
 recognized in current earnings. Commodity forward contracts
 generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope
 exception under the guidance for derivative instruments and hedging
 activities
 and therefore are not subject to its provisions. For
 further information about our derivative instruments
 see Note
 20.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;217
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;154
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payroll and benefits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
507&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
030&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Health insurance
 workers&amp;#x2019; compensation
 and other insurance
 costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
358&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;296
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;238
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table presents the components of the 2014
 2013
 and
 2012 provision for income taxes:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
447&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
771&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;470&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
589&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
816&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
122&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
176&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
236&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
197&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(193&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
280&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
101&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
894&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
724&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=42%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;149
103&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(175
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;211
957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
201&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(57
053&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
321&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(88
575&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
012&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;885&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
055
537&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;885
292&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(144
671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;314
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
035
066&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
057&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(993
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
842&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
080
750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(206
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(117
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;314
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
089
906&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;484
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
691&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;481
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(139
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net proceeds from issuance of stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;358
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;358
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
832&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
737&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
593&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;927
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;137
561&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(139
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;885
189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
562&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
109&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
506&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
273&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
981&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(45
540&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;224
654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
576&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;216
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(48&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(66
878&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
854&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(74
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
923&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
480&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(129
382&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(89
270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(218
652&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;915&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash used in investing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
971&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(196
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(105
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(306
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
939&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
055&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
779&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
055&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
718&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
490&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
490&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(70
974&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 24pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=20 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=left&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(62
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;182
684&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;84
028&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;204
559&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(223&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(60
416&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
638&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(70
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
216&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
243&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(44
467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
512&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(29
955&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(105
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
920&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(109
362&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net repayment of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
964&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(74
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net payments related to stock-based award activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
879&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
879&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
657&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
657&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(76
578&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
965&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;91
128&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
273&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Products:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beverages&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;499
829&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;341
547&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;234
430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Salad Dressings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;361
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;334
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;284
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beverage enhancers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;359
179&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;361
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;362
238&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Soup and infant feeding&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;351
917&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;219
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;281
827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pickles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;302
621&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;297
904&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;308
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Snacks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;287
281&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mexican and other sauces&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;245
171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;232
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cereals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;168
739&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;169
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;162
952&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Dry dinners&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139
285&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
075&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;126
804&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Aseptic products&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;96
136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;91
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other products&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Jams&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61
436&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
946
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
293
927&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
182
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 18pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The gross carrying amounts and accumulated amortization of our
 finite lived intangible assets as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and
 2013 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=52%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets with finite lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer-related&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;794
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(168
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;625
838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;525
820&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(133
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;392
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Contractual agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
829&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;433&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
249&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(87&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
579&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
302&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas/recipes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
708&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
174&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computer software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(31
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
087&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
793&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
294&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total other intangibles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;905
673&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(218
370&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;687
303&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;613
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(168
815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;444
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The carrying amount of our intangible assets with indefinite lives
 other than goodwill
 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013 is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total indefinite lived intangibles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Other operating expenses (income)
 net consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Restructuring&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
178&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
393&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
785&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Financial information relating to the Company&amp;#x2019;s reportable
 segments is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 North American Retail Grocery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
173
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
642
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
568
014&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Food Away From Home&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;380
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;360
868&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;338
357&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial and Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;392
642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;290
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;275
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
946
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
293
927&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
182
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Direct operating income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 North American Retail Grocery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;326
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;244
736&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Food Away From Home&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
913&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial and Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
109&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44
663&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;442
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;364
563&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;333
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated selling and distribution expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
284&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
231&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated cost of sales (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(998&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
728&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
950&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated corporate expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(213
848&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(162
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(140
304&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;178
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(81
584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(53
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(52
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 North American Retail Grocery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Food Away From Home&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
327&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial and Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
379&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
810&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Corporate office (2)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63
281&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
267&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;2013 and 2012 costs primarily related
 to accelerated depreciation and other charges related to
 restructurings.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Includes accelerated depreciation
 related to restructurings for 2013 and 2012.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;SCHEDULE II&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;TREEEHOUSE FOODS
 INC.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013 and 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts deducted from accounts
 receivable:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change&amp;#xA0;to&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Acquisitions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Write-Offs of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Uncollectable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recoveries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;End&lt;br /&gt;
 of Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;517&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(273&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;305&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;305&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;255&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(57&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
023&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;428&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(523&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Shipping and Handling Fees&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Our shipping and
 handling costs are included in both cost of sales and selling and
 distribution expense
 depending on the nature of such costs.
 Shipping and handling costs included in cost of sales reflect
 inventory warehouse costs
 product loading and handling costs
 and
 costs associated with transporting finished products from our
 manufacturing facilities to distribution warehouses. Shipping and
 handling costs included in selling and distribution expense consist
 primarily of the cost of shipping products to customers through
 third party carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a
 component of selling and distribution expense were approximately
 $80.0 million
 $55.3 million
 and $61.5 million
 for years ended
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; The preparation of our
 Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;) requires management to use judgment to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements
 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the
 reporting period. Actual results could differ from these
 estimates.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We consider temporary cash
 investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be
 cash equivalents. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013
 $31.6
 million and $19.3 million
 respectively
 represents cash held in
 Canada
 in local currency
 and is convertible into other
 currencies. The cash held in Canada is expected to be used for
 general corporate purposes in Canada
 including capital projects
 and acquisitions.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;20.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company is exposed to certain risks relating to its ongoing
 business operations. The primary risks managed by derivative
 instruments are interest rate risk
 foreign currency risk
 and
 commodity price risk. Derivative contracts are entered into for
 periods consistent with the related underlying exposure and do not
 constitute positions independent of those exposures. The Company
 does not enter into derivative instruments for trading or
 speculative purposes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Interest Rate Risk&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; The Company manages
 its exposure to changes in interest rates by optimizing the use of
 variable-rate and fixed-rate debt and by utilizing interest rate
 swaps to hedge our exposure to changes in interest rates
 to reduce
 the volatility of our financing costs
 and to achieve a desired
 proportion of fixed versus floating-rate debt
 based on current and
 projected marked conditions
 with a bias toward fixed-rate
 debt.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Foreign Currency Risk &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;Due to the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 operations in Canada
 we are exposed to foreign currency risks. The
 Company enters into foreign currency contracts to manage the risk
 associated with foreign currency cash flows. The Company&amp;#x2019;s
 objective in using foreign currency contracts is to establish a
 fixed foreign currency exchange rate for the net cash flow
 requirements of the Canadian operations for purchases that are
 denominated in U.S. dollars. These contracts do not qualify for
 hedge accounting and changes in their fair value are recorded in
 the Consolidated Statements of Income
 with their fair value
 recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company had one
 foreign currency contract for the purchase of U.S. dollars during
 2014 was settled before the end of the year.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Commodity Risk&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Certain commodities we
 use in the production and distribution of our products are exposed
 to market price risk. The Company uses derivative contracts to
 manage this risk. Commodity forward contracts that are derivatives
 generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope
 exception under the guidance for derivatives and hedging
 activities
 and therefore are not subject to its provisions. For
 derivative commodity contracts that do not qualify for the normal
 purchases and normal sales scope exception
 the Company records
 their fair value on the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Balance
 Sheets
 with changes in value being recorded in the Consolidated
 Statements of Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s forward purchase commodity contracts include
 contracts for diesel
 oil
 plastics
 natural gas
 electricity
 and
 certain contracts that do not meet the requirements for the normal
 purchases and normal sales scope and exception.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company uses diesel contracts to manage the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 risk associated with the underlying cost of diesel fuel used to
 deliver products. The contracts for oil and plastics are used to
 manage the Company&amp;#x2019;s risk associated with the underlying
 commodity cost of a significant component used in packaging
 materials. The contracts for natural gas and electricity are used
 to manage the Company&amp;#x2019;s risk associated with the utility
 costs of its manufacturing facilities
 and the contracts that do
 not meet the requirements for the normal purchases and normal sales
 scope exception are generally used to manage the price risk
 associated with raw material costs. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 the Company had outstanding contracts for the purchase of 58
450
 megawatts of electricity
 expiring throughout 2015 and
 6.4&amp;#xA0;million gallons of diesel
 expiring throughout 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table identifies the derivative
 its fair value
 and
 location on the Consolidated Balance Sheets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=50%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=37%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance Sheet Location&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Asset Derivatives&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Liability Derivatives&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=5&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We recorded the following gains and losses on our derivative
 contracts in the Consolidated Statements of Income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=40%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Location of Gain (Loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recognized in Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Mark to market unrealized (loss) gain:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Other expense
 net&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;937&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total unrealized (loss) gain&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;937&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Realized (loss):&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Manufacturing related to cost of sales and
 transportation related to selling and distribution&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total realized (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total (loss) gain&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;563&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 18pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;OTHER OPERATING EXPENSE
 NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We incurred Other operating expense
 net of $2.4 million
 $5.9
 million
 and $3.8 million
 for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. Other operating expenses
 (income)
 net consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Restructuring&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
178&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
393&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
785&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 18pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Property
 plant
 and
 equipment are stated at acquisition cost
 plus capitalized interest
 on borrowings during the actual construction period of major
 capital projects. Depreciation and amortization are calculated
 using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
 the assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 18.2pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings and improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;12-40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3-15 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Office furniture and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3-12 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We perform impairment tests when circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value may not be recoverable. Capitalized leases are
 amortized over the shorter of their lease term or their estimated
 useful lives
 and amortization expense is included in depreciation
 expense. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
 which do not
 improve or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as
 incurred.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;23.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 (unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a summary of our unaudited quarterly results of
 operations for 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second (2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third (3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth (4)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;618
903&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;627
960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;795
726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;903
513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;132
991&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;135
677&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;158
588&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;179
348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
043&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
740&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
795&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
992&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
759&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
917&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.48&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.38&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.57&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;540
110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;526
346&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;567
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;660
321&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
172&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;109
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;115
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
546&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
354&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
883&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
974&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
565&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
784&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Due to rounding and the issuance of
 shares in July of 2014
 the sum of the four quarters may not be the
 same as the total for the year.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The Company acquired Protenergy in
 May of 2014.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(3)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The Company acquired Flagstone in
 July of 2014 and Cains in July of 2013.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(4)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The Company acquired Associated
 Brands in October of 2013.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Research and Development Costs&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We record
 research and development charges to expense as they are incurred
 and report them in the General and administrative line of our
 Consolidated Statements of Income. Expenditures totaled $12.8
 million
 $17.5 million
 and $11.1 million
 for years ended 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss consists of the following
 components all of which are net of tax
 except for the foreign
 currency translation adjustment:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foreign&lt;br /&gt;
 Currency&lt;br /&gt;
 Translation&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrecognized&lt;br /&gt;
 Pension and&lt;br /&gt;
 Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&amp;#xA0;(2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivative&lt;br /&gt;
 Financial&lt;br /&gt;
 Instrument&amp;#xA0;(3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive&lt;br /&gt;
 Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
362&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
539&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
722&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
640&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
559&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(24
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
074&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(31
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(51
326&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
005&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(64
331&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The foreign currency translation
 adjustment is not net of tax
 as it pertains to the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 permanent investment in its Canadian subsidiaries.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The unrecognized pension and
 postretirement benefits reclassification is presented net of tax of
 $(3
683) thousand
 $4
592 thousand
 and $(1
626) thousand for the
 years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(3)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The derivative financial instrument
 reclassification is presented net of tax of $68 thousand and $101
 thousand for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plan assets at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013
 by asset category is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;(h)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Plan&amp;#xA0;Assets&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Measurements at&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Short Term Investment Fund (a)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Aggregate Bond Index Fund (b)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 U.S. Market Cap Equity Index Fund (c)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
858&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 International All Country World Index Fund (d)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Collective Daily 1-5 year credit bond fund (e)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
234&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Emerging Markets Index Fund (f)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Daily High Yield Fixed Income Fund (g)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
074&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;(h)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Plan&amp;#xA0;Assets&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Measurements at&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Short Term Investment Fund (a)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Aggregate Bond Index Fund (b)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
674&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 U.S. Market Cap Equity Index Fund (c)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
797&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 International All Country World Index Fund (d)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Collective Daily 1-5 year credit bond fund (e)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
799&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Emerging Markets Index Fund (f)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Daily High Yield Fixed Income Fund (g)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;This fund is an investment vehicle
 for cash reserves
 which seeks to offer a competitive rate of
 return through a portfolio of high-grade
 short term
 and money
 market instruments. Principal preservation is the primary objective
 of this fund.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to hold a portfolio representative of the overall United States
 bond and debt market
 as characterized by the Barclays Capital
 Aggregate Bond Index.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(c)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to approximate the risk and return characteristics of the Dow Jones
 U.S. ex-LP&amp;#x2019;s Total Stock Market Index.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(d)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to approximate the risk and return characteristics of the Morgan
 Stanley All Country World ex-US (MSCI ACWI ex-US) ND Index. This
 fund is commonly used to represent the non-U.S. equity in developed
 and emerging markets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(e)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to hold a portfolio representative of the intermediate credit
 securities portion of the United States bond and debt markets
 as
 characterized by the Barclays Capital U.S. 1-5 year Credit Bond
 Index.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(f)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to provide investment results that replicate the overall
 performance of the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. The Fund may make
 limited use of futures and/or options to maintain equity
 exposure.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(g)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to outperform the Barclay&amp;#x2019;s Capital High Yield Index over a
 market cycle while maintaining a similar level of volatility and
 credit quality as the index. This Fund can serve as a core bond
 investment position
 providing exposure to the U.S. Fixed Income
 market.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(h)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level 2 inputs are inputs other than
 quoted prices that are observable for an asset or liability
 either
 directly or indirectly.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;There have been no
 significant changes in the number of Company employees covered by
 the multiemployer plans or other significant events that would
 affect the comparability of contributions to the plans.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=35%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=3 align=center&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Protection&lt;br /&gt;
 Act&lt;br /&gt;
 Zone Status&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=4 align=center&gt;FIP&lt;br /&gt;
 Implemented&lt;br /&gt;
 (yes or no)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=3 colspan=10 align=center&gt;TreeHouse Foods&lt;br /&gt;
 Contributions&lt;br /&gt;
 (In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=3&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=4 align=center&gt;Surcharge&lt;br /&gt;
 Imposed&lt;br /&gt;
 (yes&amp;#xA0;or&amp;#xA0;no)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=4 colspan=2 align=center&gt;Expiration&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Of Collective&lt;br /&gt;
 Bargaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Agreement&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=4&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 37.5pt&gt;
 Plan Name:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=3 align=center&gt;EIN&lt;br /&gt;
 Number&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=3 align=center&gt;Plan&lt;br /&gt;
 Number&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=3 align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;Plan Year Ended&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;December
 31&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Central States Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;36-2154936&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Red&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Red&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Yes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;617&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12/27/2016&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of
 Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;36-6067654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;413&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4/30/2017&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Fund&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;91-6145047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;361&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;379&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2/28/2015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
 tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;476&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;283&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions based on tax positions of prior years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;83&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
001&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions resulting from acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
366&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reductions for tax positions of prior years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
163&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
350&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
698&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(514&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(514&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#x2019;
 EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Common stock&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; The Company has authorized
 90&amp;#xA0;million shares of common stock with a par value of $0.01
 per share. No dividends have been declared or paid.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;16
 2014
 the Company entered into an underwriting
 agreement with J.P. Morgan Securities
 LLC
 Wells Fargo Securities
 LLC
 and Merrill Lynch
 Pierce
 Fenner
&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Smith
 Incorporated
 as representatives of the several underwriters named
 therein (together
 the &amp;#x201C;Underwriters&amp;#x201D;)
 relating to the
 issuance and sale by the Company of up to 4
950
331 shares of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock
 par value $0.01 per share (the
 &amp;#x201C;Common Stock&amp;#x201D;)
 at a price of $75.50 per share. On
 July&amp;#xA0;22
 2014
 the Company closed the public offering of an
 aggregate 4
950
331 shares
 at a price of $75.50 per share. The
 Company used the net proceeds ($358 million) from the stock
 offering to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of Flagstone.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 there were 42
662
521 shares of
 common stock issued and outstanding. There is no treasury
 stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Preferred Stock&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; The Company has
 authorized 10&amp;#xA0;million shares of preferred stock with a par
 value of $0.01 per share. No preferred stock has been issued.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 U.S. equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-U.S. equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
692&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fixed income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;ACQUISITIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Flagstone&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;29
 2014
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding
 shares of Flagstone
 a privately owned U.S. based manufacturer of
 branded and private label varieties of snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 snack mixes
 and other wholesome snacks. Flagstone is
 one of the largest manufacturers and distributors of private label
 wholesome snacks in North America
 and is the largest manufacturer
 of trail mix in North America. The purchase price was approximately
 $854 million
 net of acquired cash
 after adjustments for working
 capital. The acquisition was financed through a combination of
 borrowings under our $900 million Revolving Credit Facility
 a new
 $200 million Acquisition Term Loan
 and the net proceeds from the
 issuance of 4
950
331 shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock.
 The acquisition is expected to expand our existing product
 offerings by allowing the Company to enter into the wholesome snack
 food category
 while also providing more exposure to the perimeter
 of the store.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Flagstone acquisition is being accounted for under the
 acquisition method of accounting and the results of operations are
 included in our financial statements from the date of acquisition
 in the North American Retail Grocery and Industrial and Export
 segments. Included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Statements
 of Income are Flagstone&amp;#x2019;s net sales of approximately $287.3
 million and net income of $3.8 million from the date of acquisition
 through December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. Net income was partially offset by
 integration costs of $10.3 million. At the date of acquisition
 the
 purchase price was preliminarily allocated to the assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed based upon fair market values
 and is
 subject to adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We have made a preliminary allocation to net tangible and
 intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
640&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;231
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Supplier relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
755&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;505
558&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of assets acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;980
830&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(65
866&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(59
833&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total purchase price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;855
131&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company allocated $231.7 million to customer relationships and
 $6.3 million to trade names
 each of which have an estimated life
 of 15 years. The Company allocated $1.6 million to recipes and
 formulas
 which have an estimated life of 5 years. The Company
 allocated $1.8 million to capitalized software with an estimated
 life of 1 year. The aforementioned intangibles will be amortized on
 a straight line basis. The Company allocated $2.5 million to
 supplier relationships
 which will be amortized in a method
 reflecting the pattern in which the economic benefits of the
 intangible asset are consumed over the period of one year. The
 Company has preliminarily allocated all $505.6 million of goodwill
 to the North American Retail Grocery segment. Goodwill arises
 principally as a result of expansion opportunities related to
 Flagstone&amp;#x2019;s product offerings in the snacking category. None
 of the goodwill resulting from this acquisition is tax deductible.
 The Company incurred approximately $8.9 million in acquisition
 costs. These costs are included in the General and administrative
 expense line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. The
 allocation to net tangible and intangible assets acquired and
 liabilities assumed is preliminary and subject to change for
 taxes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if its acquisition of Flagstone had
 been completed as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 the issuance of common stock
 interest expense related
 to the financing of the business combination
 and related income
 taxes. The pro forma results may not necessarily reflect actual
 results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are they
 necessarily indicative of future results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands
&amp;#xA0;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
332
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
990
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;85
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.97&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Protenergy&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On May&amp;#xA0;30
 2014
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding
 shares of Protenergy
 a privately owned Canadian based manufacturer
 of broths
 soups
 and gravies. Protenergy specializes in providing
 products in carton and recart packaging for both private label and
 corporate brands
 and also serves as a co-manufacturer of national
 brands. The Company paid $140.1 million (CAD $152.0 million)
 net
 of acquired cash
 for the purchase of Protenergy. The acquisition
 was financed through borrowings under the Revolving Credit
 Facility. The acquisition is expected to expand our existing
 packaging capabilities and enable us to offer customers a full
 range of soup products
 as well as leverage our research and
 development capabilities in the evolution of shelf stable liquids
 packaging from cans to cartons.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Protenergy acquisition is being accounted for under the
 acquisition method of accounting and the results of operations are
 included in our financial statements from the date of acquisition
 in the North American Retail Grocery and Industrial and Export
 segments. Included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Statements
 of Income are Protenergy&amp;#x2019;s net sales of approximately $116.4
 million from the date of acquisition through December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. Also included is a net loss of $2.8 million from the date of
 acquisition through December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. This loss includes
 integration costs of $6.1 million. At the date of acquisition
 the
 purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities
 assumed based upon fair market values
 and is subject to
 adjustments for taxes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We have made a preliminary allocation to net tangible and
 intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows (in
 USD):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
283&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
355&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;433&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
280&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
867&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of assets acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;191
746&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(41
416&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfavorable contractual agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total purchase price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142
687&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company allocated $49.5 million to customer relationships that
 have an estimated life of 15 years and $0.4 million to formulas
 with an estimated life of 5 years. These intangible assets will be
 amortized on a straight line basis. The Company recorded $7.6
 million of unfavorable contractual agreements
 which have an
 estimated life of 2.6 years. These unfavorable contracts will be
 amortized in a method reflecting the pattern in which the economic
 costs are incurred. As of the acquisition date
 the Company has
 preliminarily allocated all $50.9 million of goodwill to the North
 American Retail Grocery segment. Goodwill arises principally as a
 result of expansion opportunities
 driven in part by
 Protenergy&amp;#x2019;s packaging technology. None of the goodwill
 resulting from this acquisition is tax deductible. The Company
 incurred approximately $3.3 million in acquisition costs. These
 costs are included in the General and administrative expense line
 of the Consolidated Statements of Income. The allocation to net
 tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is
 preliminary and subject to change for taxes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if the acquisition of Protenergy had
 been completed as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 interest expense related to the financing of the
 business combination
 and related income taxes. These pro forma
 results may not necessarily reflect actual results of operations
 that would have been achieved
 nor are they necessarily indicative
 of future results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands
&amp;#xA0;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82
320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79
198&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.09&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.05&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.12&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 18pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Associated Brands&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of
 Associated Brands from TorQuest Partners LLC and other shareholders
 in October of 2013. Associated Brands was a privately owned
 Canadian company and a private label manufacturer of powdered
 drinks
 specialty teas
 and sweeteners. The purchase price
 after
 adjusting for working capital
 was approximately $180.5 million
 net of acquired cash. The acquisition was financed through cash on
 hand and borrowings under the Company&amp;#x2019;s Prior Credit
 Agreement (as defined in Note 11). The acquisition of Associated
 Brands strengthened the Company&amp;#x2019;s retail presence in the
 private label dry grocery segment and introduced a line of
 specialty tea products to complement its single serve hot beverage
 business. The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition
 method of accounting. At the date of acquisition
 the purchase
 price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 based upon fair market values.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We have made an allocation to net tangible and intangible assets
 acquired and liabilities assumed as follows (in USD):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
835&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
332&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
496&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
581&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
522&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
587&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of assets acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;227
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19
920&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of liabilities assumed&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total purchase price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;184
902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company allocated $68.8 million to customer relationships that
 have an estimated life of 15 years
 $2.3&amp;#xA0;million to trade
 names that have an estimated life of 10 years
 $1.5 million to
 formulas that have an estimated life of 7 years
 and $1.6 million
 to other intangible assets that have a weighted average estimated
 useful life of 6 years. The Company has allocated $51.6 million of
 goodwill to the North American Retail Grocery segment and $1.0
 million of goodwill to the Food Away from Home segment
 after
 reallocating $4.6 million of goodwill from the Industrial and
 Export segment in the third quarter of 2014. Goodwill arises
 principally as a result of expansion opportunities. In the fourth
 quarter of 2014
 the Company finalized the tax balances associated
 with the acquisition
 which resulted in an increase to goodwill of
 $6.7 million. No further adjustments are expected.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Cains&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;1
 2013
 the Company completed its acquisition of all
 of the outstanding shares of Cains
 a privately owned Ayer
 Massachusetts based manufacturer of shelf stable mayonnaise
 dressings
 and sauces. The Cains product portfolio offers retail
 and foodservice customers a wide array of packaging sizes
 sold as
 private label and branded products. The purchase price was
 approximately $35 million
 net of acquired cash
 after adjusting
 for working capital and taxes. The acquisition was financed through
 borrowings under the Company&amp;#x2019;s Prior Credit Agreement. The
 acquisition expanded the Company&amp;#x2019;s footprint in the Northeast
 of the United States
 enhanced its foodservice presence
 and
 broadened its packaging capabilities. The acquisition was accounted
 for under the acquisition method of accounting
 and the results of
 operations are included in our financial statements from the date
 of acquisition. The purchase price allocation period is closed.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if the acquisitions of Associated
 Brands and Cains had been completed as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013.
 Adjustments have been made for the pro forma effects of
 depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets
 recognized as part of the business combinations
 interest expense
 related to the financing of the business combinations
 and related
 income taxes. These pro forma results may not necessarily reflect
 actual results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are
 they necessarily indicative of future results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=19%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
486
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;93
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;24.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s 2022 Notes are guaranteed fully and
 unconditionally
 as well as jointly and severally
 by its 100
 percent owned direct and indirect subsidiaries of the parent
 company (TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.)
 which include Bay Valley
 Sturm
 Foods
 and S.T. Foods
 in addition to certain legal entities
 acquired in the acquisition of Flagstone
 which were added in the
 third quarter: American Importing Company
 Inc.
 Ann&amp;#x2019;s House
 of Nut&amp;#x2019;s
 Inc.
 and Snacks Parent Corporation (collectively
 known as the guarantor subsidiaries). There are no significant
 restrictions on the ability of the parent company or any guarantor
 to obtain funds from its subsidiaries by dividend or loan. The
 following supplemental consolidating financial information presents
 the results of operations
 financial position
 and cash flows of
 the parent company
 its guarantor subsidiaries
 its non-guarantor
 subsidiaries and the eliminations necessary to arrive at the
 information for the Company on a consolidated basis as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013 and for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012. We used the equity method
 with respect to investments in subsidiaries. The principal
 elimination entries eliminate investments in subsidiaries and
 intercompany balances and transactions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Balance
 Sheet&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
273&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
981&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;185
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
408&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;471
189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;122
909&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;594
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
361&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
196&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
564&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
849&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
989&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;681
536&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;234
557&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;949
436&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
411&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;416
104&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
464
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;202
986&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
667
985&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investment in subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
269
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;534
326&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
803
651&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;840
606&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(771
836&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68
770&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible and other assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
826&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;503
289&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;182
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;741
805&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
266
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
828
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650
726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
842
487&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
903
004&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Liabilities and Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;224
352&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;296
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current portion of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
278&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;311
233&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
439
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
961&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
445
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;289
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;319
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
088&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
862&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
622&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
759
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
269
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;534
326&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
803
651&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
759
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
266
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
828
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650
726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
842
487&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
903
004&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 24pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Balance
 Sheet&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;116
464&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;152
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;314
912&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
786&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;405
698&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
534&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
909&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
593&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;758&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
416&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462
546&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;162
804&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;649
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;379
380&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
469&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462
275&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;959
440&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;159
764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
119
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investment in subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
970
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258
305&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
228
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;154
742&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(223
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible and other assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;288
873&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;154
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;489
886&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
250
423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
416
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;322
958&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
269
278&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
721
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Liabilities and Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
127&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;204
920&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;238
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current portion of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
551&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
127&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;206
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;240
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;935
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;938
945&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;206&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;213
219&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
972&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
383&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;703&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
273
118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
970
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258
305&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
228
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
273
118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
250
423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
416
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;322
958&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
269
278&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
721
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 24pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
537
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;649
997&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(241
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
946
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
017
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;563
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(241
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
339
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;520
232&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;606
604&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
632&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;211
788&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;333
395&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
521&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(75
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;273
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
833&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;541&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
152&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
973&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
036&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(959&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
973&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss on extinguishment of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
701&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
796&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
519&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(138
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;270
234&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
844&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(51
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;92
644&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
807&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(963&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(175
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(963&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(175
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
011
944&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;379
143&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(97
160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
293
927&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
593
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;322
134&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(97
160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
818
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;418
540&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;475
549&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;166
849&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;256
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
445&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
610&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
206&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(58
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;224
630&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
930&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;178
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
358&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;967&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
663&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
304&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
675&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
173&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
663&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other (income) expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19
811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
135&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(106
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42
438&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
673&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(134
628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
673&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(134
628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
936
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;295
267&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
182
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
541
642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235
864&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
728
215&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;394
507&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;453
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
216&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;168
050&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;239
752&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
068&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
546&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other operating (income) expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(218&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
564&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
785&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(50
554&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;200
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
762&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;847&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
434&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
434&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
609&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
434&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
434&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;519&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
652&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Loss) income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(101
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;213
279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
246&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
306&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(160
029&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
363&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(160
029&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
363&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(963&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(175
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
065&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
996&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23
535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(120
524&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 24pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
673&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(134
628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
231&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(29
575&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(106
495&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
363&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(160
029&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
363&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
660&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
722&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in other comprehensive income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
561&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
541&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(170
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 24pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=42%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;149
103&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(175
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;211
957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
201&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(57
053&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
321&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(88
575&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
012&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;885&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
055
537&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;885
292&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(144
671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;314
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
035
066&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
057&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(993
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
842&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
080
750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(206
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(117
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;314
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
089
906&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;484
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
691&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;481
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(139
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net proceeds from issuance of stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;358
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;358
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
832&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
737&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
593&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;927
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;137
561&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(139
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;885
189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
562&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
109&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
506&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
273&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
981&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(45
540&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;224
654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
576&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;216
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(48&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(66
878&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
854&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(74
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
923&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
480&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(129
382&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(89
270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(218
652&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;915&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash used in investing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
971&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(196
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(105
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(306
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
939&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
055&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
779&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
055&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
718&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
490&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
490&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(70
974&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 24pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=20 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=left&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(62
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;182
684&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;84
028&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;204
559&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(223&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(60
416&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
638&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(70
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
216&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
243&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(44
467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
512&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(29
955&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(105
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
920&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(109
362&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net repayment of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
964&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(74
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net payments related to stock-based award activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
879&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
879&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
657&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
657&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(76
578&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
965&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;91
128&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
273&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Basis of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The Consolidated Financial
 Statements include the accounts of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and its
 100% owned subsidiaries (&amp;#x201C;Company
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;we
&amp;#x201D;
 &amp;#x201C;us
&amp;#x201D; or &amp;#x201C;our&amp;#x201D;). All intercompany balances
 and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. In 2013
 as a
 result of the Associated Brands acquisition
 the Company updated
 its product categories as presented in Note 22. Additionally
 in
 2014
 as a result of the Flagstone acquisition
 the Company added a
 new product category for Snacks. These changes did not require
 prior period adjustments. See Note 22 for more information.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;
 The functional currency of the Company&amp;#x2019;s foreign operations
 is the applicable local currency. The functional currency is
 translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts using
 currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date
 and
 for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted-average exchange
 rate during the fiscal year. The translation adjustments are
 deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity in
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Gains or losses resulting
 from transactions denominated in foreign currencies are included in
 Other expense (income)
 net in the Consolidated Statements of
 Income.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Components of Income from continuing operations
 before income
 taxes are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic source&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;147
452&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;112
872&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign source&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
337&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the components of the 2014
 2013
 and
 2012 provision for income taxes:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
447&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
771&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;470&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
589&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
816&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
122&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
176&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
236&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
197&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(193&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
280&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
101&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
894&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
724&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a reconciliation of income tax expense computed at
 the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to the income tax expense
 reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax at statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
473&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit of cross-border intercompany financing structure&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
579&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
909&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
079&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(676&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
996&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total provision for income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The tax effects of temporary differences giving rise to deferred
 income tax assets and liabilities were:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement benefits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
912&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
256&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrealized foreign exchange loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss and credit carryovers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
732&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
984&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fixed assets and intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(355
219&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(253
111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(355
219&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(255
644&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred income tax liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(283
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(206
660&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Classification of net deferred tax assets (liabilities) in the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
564&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
909&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-current liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(319
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(228
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(283
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(206
660&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in
 the U.S. federal
 Canada and various U.S. state jurisdictions. In
 the U.S. federal jurisdiction
 the Company is open to examination
 for the tax year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and forward; for
 Canadian purposes
 the Company is open to examination for the tax
 year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2008 and forward and for the various
 U.S. state jurisdictions the Company is generally open to
 examination for the tax year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2010 and
 forward.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 During the second quarter of 2014
 the Internal Revenue Service
 (&amp;#x201C;IRS&amp;#x201D;) initiated an examination of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.&amp;#x2019;s 2012 tax year. During the first quarter of 2014
 the
 Company settled an IRS examination of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.&amp;#x2019;s
 2011 tax year
 resulting in a small payment by the Company. The
 Canadian Revenue Agency (&amp;#x201C;CRA&amp;#x201D;) is currently examining
 the 2008 through 2012 tax years of E.D. Smith. The IRS and CRA
 examinations are expected to be completed in 2015 or 2016. The
 Company has examinations in process with various state taxing
 authorities
 which are expected to be complete in 2015 or 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Management estimates that it is reasonably possible that the total
 amount of unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by as much as
 $0.9 million within the next 12 months
 primarily as a result of
 the resolution of audits currently in progress and the lapsing of
 statutes of limitations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 During the year
 the Company recorded adjustments to its
 unrecognized tax benefits. A reconciliation of the beginning and
 ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions based on tax positions related to the
 current&amp;#xA0;year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;476&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;283&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions based on tax positions of prior years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;83&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
001&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions resulting from acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
366&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reductions for tax positions of prior years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
163&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
350&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
698&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(514&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(514&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits are included in Other long-term
 liabilities in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Included in the
 balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&amp;#xA0;are amounts that are offset
 by deferred taxes (i.e.
 temporary differences) or amounts that
 would be offset by refunds in other taxing jurisdictions (i.e.
 corollary adjustments). Of the amount accrued at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 $5.2 million and $2.3 million
 respectively
 would impact the effective tax rate if reversed.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company has income tax net operating loss carryforwards related
 to its domestic and international acquired operations which have a
 20 year definite life. The Company has recorded a deferred asset of
 $13.3 million reflecting the benefit of $42.9 million in loss
 carryforwards. All of the loss carryforwards expire between 2030
 and 2034.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company recognizes interest (income) expense and penalties
 related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During
 the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 the Company
 recognized $(0.1) million
 $(0.2) million
 and $(0.1) million of
 interest and penalties in income tax expense
 respectively. The
 Company has accrued approximately $0.3 million and $0.2 million for
 the payment of interest and penalties at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and
 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 approximately $110.5 million of
 undistributed earnings of the Company&amp;#x2019;s foreign subsidiaries
 were deemed to be indefinitely reinvested and
 accordingly
 any
 applicable U.S. federal income taxes and foreign withholding taxes
 have not been provided on these earnings. If these earnings had not
 been indefinitely reinvested
 deferred taxes of approximately $38.2
 million would have been recognized.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 During the first quarter of 2008
 the Company entered into an
 intercompany financing structure that results in the recognition of
 foreign earnings subject to a low effective tax rate. As the
 foreign earnings are permanently reinvested
 U.S. income taxes have
 not been provided. For the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and
 2013
 the Company recognized a tax benefit of approximately $4.6
 million and $4.9 million
 respectively
 related to this item.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;LONG-TERM DEBT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;554
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior Credit Agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;535
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;298
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisition Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;197
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022 Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018 Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax increment financing and other debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
496&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total outstanding debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
459
861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;940
496&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less current portion&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
551&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
445
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;938
945&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The scheduled maturities of outstanding debt
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
272&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;714
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;683
638&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total outstanding debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
459
861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On May&amp;#xA0;6
 2014
 the Company entered into the new five year
 Revolving Credit Facility with an aggregate commitment of $900
 million and the $300 million Term Loan pursuant to the Credit
 Agreement. The proceeds from the Term Loan and a draw at closing on
 the Revolving Credit Facility were used to repay in full
 amounts
 outstanding under the $750 million Prior Credit Agreement. The
 Credit Agreement replaced the Prior Credit Agreement
 and the Prior
 Credit Agreement was terminated upon the repayment of the amounts
 outstanding thereunder on May&amp;#xA0;6
 2014. As a result of the debt
 refinancing
 $6.5 million of fees associated with the Revolving
 Credit Facility and $2.4 million of fees associated with the Term
 Loan will be amortized over their five year and seven year terms
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;29
 2014
 the Company entered into the Amendment to
 its Credit Agreement dated as of May&amp;#xA0;6
 2014
 the proceeds of
 which were used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of Flagstone. The
 Amendment
 among other things
 provided for the new $200 million
 Acquisition Term Loan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan
 and Acquisition Term Loan
 are known collectively as the &amp;#x201C;Credit Facility.&amp;#x201D; The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s average interest rate on debt outstanding under its
 Credit Facility for the twelve months ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 was 1.59%.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; As of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 $334.7 million of the aggregate commitment
 of $900 million of the Revolving Credit Facility was available. The
 Revolving Credit Facility matures on May&amp;#xA0;6
 2019. In addition
 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 there were $11.3 million in letters
 of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility that were issued but
 undrawn
 which have been included as a reduction to the calculation
 of available credit.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Interest is payable quarterly or at the end of the applicable
 interest period in arrears on any outstanding borrowings. The
 interest rates under the Credit Agreement are based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by
 either (i)&amp;#xA0;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%
 (inclusive of the facility fee)
 based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated leverage ratio
 or (ii)&amp;#xA0;a Base Rate (as defined
 in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00%
 (inclusive of the facility fee)
 based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated leverage ratio.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Credit Agreement is fully and unconditionally
 as well as
 jointly and severally
 guaranteed by our 100% owned direct and
 indirect subsidiaries
 Bay Valley
 Sturm Foods
 and S.T. Foods
 in
 addition to certain legal entities acquired in the acquisition of
 Flagstone
 which were added in the third quarter: American
 Importing Company
 Inc.
 Ann&amp;#x2019;s House of Nuts
 Inc.
 and Snack
 Parent Corporation
 and certain other subsidiaries that may become
 guarantors in the future (the Guarantors). The Revolving Credit
 Facility contains various financial and restrictive covenants and
 requires that the Company maintain certain financial ratios
 including a leverage and interest coverage ratio.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Term Loan&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; On May&amp;#xA0;6
 2014
 the Company entered into a $300 million senior unsecured Term Loan
 pursuant to the Credit Agreement. The Term Loan matures on
 May&amp;#xA0;6
 2021. The interest rates applicable to the Term Loan
 are based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and
 are determined by either (i)&amp;#xA0;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from
 1.50% to 2.25%
 or (ii)&amp;#xA0;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit
 Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.50% to 1.25%. Payments are
 due on a quarterly basis starting September&amp;#xA0;30
 2014. The Term
 Loan is subject to substantially the same covenants as the
 Revolving Credit Facility
 and also has the same Guarantors. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 $298.5 million was outstanding under the
 Term Loan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Acquisition Term Loan&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; On July&amp;#xA0;29
 2014
 the Company entered into a $200 million unsecured Acquisition Term
 Loan pursuant to the Credit Agreement. The Acquisition Term Loan
 matures on May&amp;#xA0;6
 2019. The interest rates applicable to the
 Acquisition Term Loan are based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated
 leverage ratio
 and are determined by either (i)&amp;#xA0;LIBOR
 plus a
 margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%
 or (ii)&amp;#xA0;a Base Rate (as
 defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25%
 to 1.00%. Payments are due on a quarterly basis starting
 September&amp;#xA0;30
 2014. The Acquisition Term Loan is subject to
 substantially the same covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 and has the same Guarantors. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 $197.5
 million was outstanding under the Acquisition Term Loan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;2022 Notes&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;On March&amp;#xA0;11
 2014
 the Company completed its underwritten public offering of
 $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875% notes due
 March&amp;#xA0;15
 2022 (the &amp;#x201C;2022 Notes&amp;#x201D;). The net
 proceeds of $394 million ($400 million less underwriting discount
 of $6 million
 providing an effective interest rate of 4.99%) were
 intended to be used to extinguish the 2018 Notes. Due to timing
 only $298 million of the proceeds were used in the first quarter to
 extinguish the 2018 Notes. The remaining proceeds were used to
 temporarily pay down the Prior Credit Agreement. On April&amp;#xA0;10
 2014
 the Company extinguished the remaining $102 million of 2018
 Notes using borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement. The
 Company issued the 2022 Notes pursuant to an Indenture between the
 Company
 the Guarantors
 and the Trustee.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Indenture provides
 among other things
 that the 2022 Notes
 will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s payment obligations under the 2022 Notes are fully
 and unconditionally
 as well as jointly and severally
 guaranteed
 on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantors
 in addition to any
 future domestic subsidiaries that guarantee or become borrowers
 under its credit facility
 or guarantee certain other indebtedness
 incurred by the Company or its restricted subsidiaries. Interest is
 payable on March&amp;#xA0;15 and September&amp;#xA0;15 of each year
 beginning September&amp;#xA0;15
 2014. The 2022 Notes will mature on
 March&amp;#xA0;15
 2022.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at any time
 prior to March&amp;#xA0;15
 2017 at a price equal to 100% of the
 principal amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed
 plus an applicable
 &amp;#x201C;make-whole&amp;#x201D; premium. On or after March&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at redemption
 prices set forth in the Indenture. In addition
 at any time prior
 to March&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem up to 35% of the
 2022 Notes at a redemption price of 104.875% of the principal
 amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed with the net cash proceeds of
 certain equity offerings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Subject to certain limitations
 in the event of a change in control
 of the Company
 the Company will be required to make an offer to
 purchase the 2022 Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the
 principal amount of the 2022 Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid
 interest.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Indenture contains restrictive covenants that
 among other
 things
 limit the ability of the Company and the Guarantors to:
 (i)&amp;#xA0;pay dividends or make other restricted payments
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;make certain investments
 (iii)&amp;#xA0;incur additional
 indebtedness or issue preferred stock
 (iv)&amp;#xA0;create liens
 (v)&amp;#xA0;pay dividends or make other payments (except for certain
 dividends and payments to the Company and certain subsidiaries of
 the Company)
 (vi)&amp;#xA0;merge or consolidate with other entities or
 sell substantially all of its assets
 (vii)&amp;#xA0;enter into
 transactions with affiliates
 and (viii)&amp;#xA0;engage in certain
 sale and leaseback transactions. The foregoing limitations are
 subject to exceptions as set forth in the Indenture. In addition
 if in the future
 the 2022 Notes have an investment grade credit
 rating by both Moody&amp;#x2019;s Investors Services
 Inc. and
 Standard&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Poor&amp;#x2019;s Ratings Services
 certain of these
 covenants will
 thereafter
 no longer apply to the 2022 Notes for
 so long as the 2022 Notes are rated investment grade by the two
 rating agencies.\&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Tax Increment Financing&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; On December&amp;#xA0;15
 2001
 the Urban Redevelopment Authority of Pittsburgh
 (&amp;#x201C;URA&amp;#x201D;) issued $4.0 million of redevelopment bonds
 pursuant to a &amp;#x201C;Tax Increment Financing Plan&amp;#x201D; to assist
 with certain aspects of the development and construction of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania facilities. The agreement
 was transferred to the Company as part of the acquisition of the
 Soup and Infant Feeding Business. The Company has agreed to make
 certain payments with respect to the principal amount of the
 URA&amp;#x2019;s redevelopment bonds through May 2019. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 $1.6 million remains outstanding that
 matures May&amp;#xA0;1
 2019. Interest accrues at an annual rate of
 7.16%.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Capital Lease Obligations and Other&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; The Company
 owes $8.3 million related to capital leases. Capital lease
 obligations represent machinery and equipment financing
 obligations
 which are payable in monthly installments of principal
 and interest
 and are collateralized by the related assets
 financed.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The tax effects of temporary differences giving rise to deferred
 income tax assets and liabilities were:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement benefits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
912&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
256&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrealized foreign exchange loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss and credit carryovers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
732&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
984&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fixed assets and intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(355
219&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(253
111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(355
219&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(255
644&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred income tax liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(283
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(206
660&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The effect of a 1% change in health care trend rates would have the
 following effects on the postretirement benefit plan:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 1% Increase:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost plus interest cost for the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 1% Decrease:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost plus interest cost for the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The scheduled maturities of outstanding debt
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=85%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
272&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;714
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;683
638&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total outstanding debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
459
861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following is a summary of our unaudited quarterly results of
 operations for 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second (2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third (3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth (4)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;618
903&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;627
960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;795
726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;903
513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;132
991&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;135
677&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;158
588&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;179
348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
043&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
740&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
795&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
992&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
759&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
917&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.48&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.38&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.57&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;540
110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;526
346&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;567
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;660
321&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
172&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;109
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;115
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
546&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
354&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
883&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
974&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
565&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
784&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Due to rounding and the issuance of
 shares in July of 2014
 the sum of the four quarters may not be the
 same as the total for the year.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The Company acquired Protenergy in
 May of 2014.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(3)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The Company acquired Flagstone in
 July of 2014 and Cains in July of 2013.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(4)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The Company acquired Associated
 Brands in October of 2013.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Below is a summary of the restructuring costs:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=41%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Soup Restructuring&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cumulative&amp;#xA0;Costs&lt;br /&gt;
 To Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&amp;#xA0;Expected&lt;br /&gt;
 Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accelerated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
887&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Severance and outplacement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;769&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;769&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other closure costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
456&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
091&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
127&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
456&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; On August&amp;#xA0;7
 2012
 the Company announced the closure of its salad dressing plant
 in Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada
 and the transfer of production to
 facilities where the Company has lower production costs. Production
 at the Seaforth
 Ontario facility was primarily related to the
 North American Retail Grocery segment and ended in the fourth
 quarter of 2013
 with full plant closure occurring in the first
 quarter of 2014. Total costs to close the Seaforth facility are
 expected to be approximately $14.1 million as detailed below
 of
 which $6.2 million is in cash. Expenses incurred associated with
 the facility closure are primarily aggregated in the Other
 operating expense
 net line of the Consolidated Statements of
 Income. Certain costs
 primarily accelerated depreciation
 are
 recorded in Cost of sales. This restructuring is substantially
 complete.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Below is a summary of the restructuring costs:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=40%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Seaforth Closure&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cumulative&amp;#xA0;Costs&lt;br /&gt;
 To Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&amp;#xA0;Expected&lt;br /&gt;
 Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accelerated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
574&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
582&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
582&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Severance and outplacement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other closure costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
250&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;895&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Sales are recognized when
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or
 determinable
 title and risk of loss transfer to customers
 and
 there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales
 proceeds. Product is shipped FOB shipping point or FOB destination
 depending on our agreement with the customer. Sales are reduced by
 certain sales incentives
 some of which are recorded by estimating
 expense based on our historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
 POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Basis of Consolidation&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x2014; The Consolidated
 Financial Statements include the accounts of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 and its 100% owned subsidiaries (&amp;#x201C;Company
&amp;#x201D;
 &amp;#x201C;we
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;us
&amp;#x201D; or &amp;#x201C;our&amp;#x201D;). All
 intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in
 consolidation. In 2013
 as a result of the Associated Brands
 acquisition
 the Company updated its product categories as
 presented in Note 22. Additionally
 in 2014
 as a result of the
 Flagstone acquisition
 the Company added a new product category for
 Snacks. These changes did not require prior period adjustments. See
 Note 22 for more information.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; The preparation of our
 Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;) requires management to use judgment to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements
 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the
 reporting period. Actual results could differ from these
 estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We consider temporary cash
 investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be
 cash equivalents. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013
 $31.6
 million and $19.3 million
 respectively
 represents cash held in
 Canada
 in local currency
 and is convertible into other
 currencies. The cash held in Canada is expected to be used for
 general corporate purposes in Canada
 including capital projects
 and acquisitions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Inventories are stated at the lower
 of cost or market. Pickle inventories are valued using the LIFO
 method and Flagstone inventories are valued using the weighted
 average costing approach
 while all of our other inventories are
 valued using the FIFO method. The costs of finished goods
 inventories include raw materials
 labor
 and overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Property
 plant
 and
 equipment are stated at acquisition cost
 plus capitalized interest
 on borrowings during the actual construction period of major
 capital projects. Depreciation and amortization are calculated
 using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
 the assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 18.2pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 37.5pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings and improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;12-40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;3-15&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Office furniture and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;3-12 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We perform impairment tests when circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value may not be recoverable. Capitalized leases are
 amortized over the shorter of their lease term or their estimated
 useful lives
 and amortization expense is included in depreciation
 expense. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
 which do not
 improve or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as
 incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Intangible and Other Assets&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Identifiable
 intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their
 estimated useful lives as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=34%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 18.2pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 5 to 20 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 10 to 20 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-competition agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over the terms of the
 agreements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred financing costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over the terms of the
 related debt&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas/recipes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 5 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computer software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 2 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Indefinite lived trademarks are evaluated for impairment annually
 in the fourth quarter or more frequently
 if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Impairment
 is indicated when their book value exceeds fair value. If the fair
 value of an evaluated asset is less than its book value
 the asset
 is written down to fair value
 which is generally based on its
 discounted future cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Amortizable intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever
 events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
 amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation of the undiscounted
 cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its
 estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted future
 cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Goodwill is evaluated annually in the fourth quarter or more
 frequently
 if events or changes in circumstances require an
 interim assessment. We assess goodwill for impairment at the
 reporting unit level using a market and income approach
 employing
 significant assumptions regarding growth
 discount rates
 and
 profitability at each reporting unit. The market approach uses a
 market multiple methodology employing revenues and earnings before
 interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and amortization
 (&amp;#x201C;EBITDA&amp;#x201D;) and applies a range of multiples to those
 amounts in determining the indicated fair value. In determining the
 multiples used in this approach
 we obtain the multiples for
 selected peer companies using the most recent publically available
 information. Our estimates under the income approach are determined
 based on a discounted cash flow model. In determining the indicated
 fair value of each reporting unit
 the Company weighs both the
 market and income approach results
 with each approach given equal
 weighting. The final value is then compared to the carrying value
 of each reporting unit. If the book value of the reporting unit
 exceeds its fair value
 the goodwill is impaired and written down
 to fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We measure
 compensation expense for our equity awards at their grant date fair
 value. The resulting expense is recognized over the relevant
 service period. See Note 14.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Sales are recognized when
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or
 determinable
 title and risk of loss transfer to customers
 and
 there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales
 proceeds. Product is shipped FOB shipping point or FOB destination
 depending on our agreement with the customer. Sales are reduced by
 certain sales incentives
 some of which are recorded by estimating
 expense based on our historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We provide credit terms to
 customers generally ranging between 10 and 30 days
 perform ongoing
 credit evaluations of our customers
 and maintain allowances for
 potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer
 balances are written off after all collection efforts are
 exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from sales at the time of shipment.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; The provision for income taxes
 includes federal
 foreign
 state
 and local income taxes currently
 payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences
 between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and
 liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based
 on the difference between the financial statement and income tax
 bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. Valuation
 allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is
 more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
 Deferred income tax expenses or credits are based on the changes in
 the asset or liability from period to period.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;
 The functional currency of the Company&amp;#x2019;s foreign operations
 is the applicable local currency. The functional currency is
 translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts using
 currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date
 and
 for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted-average exchange
 rate during the fiscal year. The translation adjustments are
 deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity in
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Gains or losses resulting
 from transactions denominated in foreign currencies are included in
 Other expense (income)
 net in the Consolidated Statements of
 Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Shipping and Handling Fees&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Our shipping and
 handling costs are included in both cost of sales and selling and
 distribution expense
 depending on the nature of such costs.
 Shipping and handling costs included in cost of sales reflect
 inventory warehouse costs
 product loading and handling costs
 and
 costs associated with transporting finished products from our
 manufacturing facilities to distribution warehouses. Shipping and
 handling costs included in selling and distribution expense consist
 primarily of the cost of shipping products to customers through
 third party carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a
 component of selling and distribution expense were approximately
 $80.0 million
 $55.3 million
 and $61.5 million
 for years ended
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; From time to
 time
 we utilize derivative financial instruments including
 interest rate and commodity swaps
 foreign currency contracts
 and
 forward purchase contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate
 foreign currency
 and commodity price risks. We do not hold or
 issue financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.
 The Company accounts for its derivative instruments as either
 assets or liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives
 that are not designated as hedges according to GAAP must be
 adjusted to fair value through earnings. For derivative instruments
 that are designated as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of
 the gain or loss is reported as Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss and reclassified into earnings in the same period when the
 hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective gain or loss
 is recognized in current earnings. Commodity forward contracts
 generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope
 exception under the guidance for derivative instruments and hedging
 activities
 and therefore are not subject to its provisions. For
 further information about our derivative instruments
 see Note
 20.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Capital Lease Obligations&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Capital lease
 obligations represent machinery and equipment financing
 obligations
 which are generally payable in monthly installments of
 principal and interest
 and are collateralized by the related
 assets financed.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Insurance Accruals&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We retain selected levels of
 property and casualty risks
 primarily related to employee health
 care
 workers&amp;#x2019; compensation claims
 and other casualty
 losses. Many of these potential losses are covered under
 conventional insurance programs with third party carriers having
 high deductible limits. In other areas
 we are self-insured with
 stop-loss coverage. Accrued liabilities for incurred but not
 reported losses related to these retained risks are calculated
 based upon loss development factors that consider a number of
 elements
 including claims history and expected trends. We develop
 these accruals with external insurance brokers and actuaries.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Facility Closing and Reorganization Costs&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We
 periodically record facility closing and reorganization charges
 when we have identified a facility for closure or other
 reorganization opportunity
 developed a plan
 and notified the
 affected employees. These charges are incurred as a component of
 operating income. See Note 3 for more information.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Research and Development Costs&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We record
 research and development charges to expense as they are incurred
 and report them in the General and administrative line of our
 Consolidated Statements of Income. Expenditures totaled $12.8
 million
 $17.5 million
 and $11.1 million
 for years ended 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Advertising costs are
 expensed as incurred and reported in the Selling and distribution
 line of our Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(963&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(175
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
065&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
996&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23
535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(120
524&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 24pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
673&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(134
628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
231&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(29
575&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(106
495&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
363&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(160
029&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
363&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
660&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
722&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in other comprehensive income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
561&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
541&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(170
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 24pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Board of Directors adopted and the stockholders approved the
 &amp;#x201C;TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan&amp;#x201D; (the
 &amp;#x201C;Plan&amp;#x201D;). Effective February&amp;#xA0;9
 2012
 the Plan was
 amended and restated to increase the number of shares available for
 issuance under the Plan. The Plan is administered by our
 Compensation Committee
 which consists entirely of independent
 directors. The Compensation Committee determines specific awards
 for our executive officers. For all other employees
 if the
 committee designates
 our Chief Executive Officer or such other
 officers will
 from time to time
 determine specific persons to
 whom awards under the Plan will be granted and the extent of
 and
 the terms and conditions of each award. The Compensation Committee
 or its designee
 pursuant to the terms of the Plan
 also will make
 all other necessary decisions and interpretations under the
 Plan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Under the Plan
 the Compensation Committee may grant awards of
 various types of equity-based compensation
 including stock
 options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance
 shares
 performance units
 other types of stock-based awards
 and
 other cash-based compensation. The maximum number of shares that
 are available to be awarded under the Plan is approximately
 9.3&amp;#xA0;million
 of which approximately 1.3&amp;#xA0;million remain
 available at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Income from continuing operations before tax
 for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 includes stock-based
 compensation expense for employees and directors of $25.1 million
 $16.1 million
 and $12.8 million
 respectively. The tax benefit
 recognized related to the compensation cost of these share-based
 awards was approximately $8.8 million
 $5.9 million
 and $4.7
 million for 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company estimates that certain employees and all directors will
 complete the required service conditions associated with their
 awards. For all other employees
 the Company estimates forfeitures
 as not all employees are expected to complete the required service
 conditions. The expected service period is the longer of the
 derived service period
 as determined from the output of the
 valuation models
 and the service period based on the term of the
 awards.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Stock Options &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;The following table
 summarizes stock option activity during 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employee&lt;br /&gt;
 Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Director&lt;br /&gt;
 Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term (yrs.)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;84
840&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62.42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
088&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29.34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
858&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested/expect to vest
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=77%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In millions)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intrinsic value of stock options exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit recognized from stock option exercises&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Compensation expense related to unvested options totaled $8.8
 million at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and will be recognized over the
 remaining vesting period of the grants
 which averages 2.1 years.
 The average grant date fair value of options granted in 2014
 2013
 and 2012 was $23.00
 $20.47
 and $20.70
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Stock options granted under the plan generally have a three year
 vesting schedule
 vest one-third on each of the first three
 anniversaries of the grant date
 and expire ten years from the
 grant date. Stock options are generally only granted to employees
 and non-employee directors.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Stock options are valued using the Black Scholes model. Performance
 units
 restricted stock
 and restricted stock unit awards are
 valued using the closing price of the Company&amp;#x2019;s stock on the
 date of grant. Expected volatilities for 2014
 2013
 and 2012 are
 based on historical volatilities of the Company&amp;#x2019;s stock
 price. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the
 contractual life of the stock options is based on the U.S. Treasury
 yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. We based our
 expected term on the simplified method as described under the SEC
 Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&amp;#xA0;107. Under this approach the
 expected term is 6 years. The assumptions used to calculate the
 value of the stock option awards granted in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 are presented as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Restricted Stock Units &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;Employee restricted stock
 unit awards generally vest based on the passage of time. These
 awards generally vest one-third on each anniversary of the grant
 date. Director restricted stock units vest
 generally
 on the first
 anniversary of the grant date of the award. Certain directors have
 deferred receipt of their awards until either their departure from
 the Board of Directors or a specified date. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 87&amp;#xA0;thousand director restricted stock units have been
 earned and deferred. The following table summarizes the restricted
 stock unit activity during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employee&lt;br /&gt;
 Restricted&lt;br /&gt;
 Stock&amp;#xA0;Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Director&lt;br /&gt;
 Restricted&lt;br /&gt;
 Stock&amp;#xA0;Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at January 1
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;317&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58.98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;240&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77.72&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79.89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54.17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67.32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71.97&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 millions)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of vested restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit recognized from vested restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Future compensation costs for restricted stock units is
 approximately $16.7 million as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and will
 be recognized on a weighted average basis over the next 1.8
 years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Performance Units&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Performance unit
 awards are granted to certain members of management. These awards
 contain service and performance conditions. For each of the three
 performance periods
 one third of the units will accrue
 multiplied
 by a predefined percentage between 0% and 200%
 depending on the
 achievement of certain operating performance measures.
 Additionally
 for the cumulative performance period
 a number of
 units will accrue
 equal to the number of units granted multiplied
 by a predefined percentage between 0% and 200%
 depending on the
 achievement of certain operating performance measures
 less any
 units previously accrued. Accrued units will be converted to stock
 or cash
 at the discretion of the Compensation Committee
 generally
 on the third anniversary of the grant date. The Company
 intends to settle these awards in stock and has the shares
 available to do so. On June&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 based on achievement of
 operating performance measures
 34
311 performance units were
 converted into 5
541 shares of common stock
 an average conversion
 ratio of 0.16 shares for each performance unit.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the performance unit activity during
 the twelve months ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Performance&lt;br /&gt;
 Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested
 at January 1
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;216&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79.89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54.90&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested
 at December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68.76&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 millions)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair Value of performance units vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit recognized from performance units vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Future compensation cost related to the performance units is
 estimated to be approximately $15.1 million as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and is expected to be recognized over the next 2.1 years. The
 grant date fair value of the awards is equal to the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 closing stock price on the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;21.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;FAIR VALUE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the carrying value and fair value of
 our financial instruments as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Not recorded at fair value (liability):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(554
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(559
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior Credit Agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(535
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(532
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(298
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(315
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisition Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(197
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(202
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022 Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(406
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018 Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(435
520&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recorded on a recurring basis at fair value (liability) asset:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable are financial
 assets with carrying values that approximate fair value. Accounts
 payable are financial liabilities with carrying values that
 approximate fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The fair values of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Prior Credit
 Agreement
 Term Loan
 Acquisition Term Loan
 2022 Notes
 2018
 Notes
 and commodity contracts are determined using Level 2 inputs.
 Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted market prices that are
 observable for an asset or liability
 either directly or
 indirectly. The fair values of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Prior
 Credit Agreement
 Term Loan
 and Acquisition Term Loan were
 estimated using present value techniques and market based interest
 rates and credit spreads. The fair values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 2022 Notes and 2018 Notes were estimated based on quoted market
 prices for similar instruments
 where the inputs are considered
 Level 2
 due to their infrequent trading volume.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The fair value of the commodity contracts was based on an analysis
 comparing the contract rates to the forward curve rates throughout
 the term of the contracts. The commodity contracts are recorded at
 fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The fair value of the investments was determined using Level 1
 inputs. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for
 identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the
 ability to access at the measurement dates. The investments were
 recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;EMPLOYEE PENSION AND
 POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Pension and Postretirement Benefits&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;
 Certain of our employees and retirees participate in pension and
 other postretirement benefit plans. Employee benefit plan
 obligations and expenses included in the Consolidated Financial
 Statements are determined based on plan assumptions
 employee
 demographic data
 including years of service and compensation
 benefits and claims paid
 and employer contributions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Defined Contribution Plans&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0; Certain
 of our non-union employees participate in savings and profit
 sharing plans. These plans generally provide for salary reduction
 contributions to the plans on behalf of the participants of between
 1% and 80% of a participant&amp;#x2019;s annual compensation and provide
 for employer matching and profit sharing contributions. The Company
 established a tax-qualified defined contribution plan to manage the
 assets. For 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 the Company made matching
 contributions to the plan of $6.0 million
 $4.9 million
 and $4.5
 million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Multiemployer Pension Plans&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0; The
 Company contributes to several multiemployer pension plans on
 behalf of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements.
 These plans are administered jointly by management and union
 representatives and cover substantially all full-time and certain
 part-time union employees who are not covered by other plans. The
 risks of participating in multiemployer plans are different from
 single-employer plans in the following aspects: (1)&amp;#xA0;assets
 contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used
 to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers
 (2)&amp;#xA0;if a participating employer stops contributing to the
 plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the
 remaining participating employers
 and (3)&amp;#xA0;if the Company
 chooses to stop participating in a multiemployer plan
 we could
 under certain circumstances
 be liable for unfunded vested benefits
 or other expenses of jointly administered union/management plans.
 The Company withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters
 Pension Trust Plan as a result of the closure of our Portland
 pickle facility during 2013. The Company is liable for a share of
 the plan&amp;#x2019;s unfunded vested benefits. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 a withdrawal liability in the amount of $0.9 million was
 included in the Accounts payable and accrued expenses line of the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. This liability was paid off during
 2014
 with no remaining liability for the withdrawal as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. No liabilities were established
 as
 withdrawal from the remaining plans is not probable. In 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 the contributions to these plans
 excluding withdrawal
 payments
 were $1.5 million
 $1.4 million
 and $1.5 million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s participation in multiemployer pension plans is
 outlined in the table below. The EIN column provides the Employer
 Identification Number (&amp;#x201C;EIN&amp;#x201D;) of each plan. Unless
 otherwise noted
 the most recent Pension Protection Act zone status
 available in 2014 and 2013 is for the plan&amp;#x2019;s year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. The zone status is
 based on information that the Company received from the plan
 and
 is certified by the plan&amp;#x2019;s actuary. Among other factors
 plans in the red zone are generally less than 65% funded
 plans in
 the yellow zone are less than 80% funded
 and plans in the green
 zone are at least 80% funded. The FIP column indicates plans for
 which a financial improvement plan &amp;#x201C;(&amp;#x201C;FIP&amp;#x201D;) is
 either pending or has been implemented. The last column lists the
 expiration date(s) of the collective-bargaining agreement(s) to
 which the plans are subject. There have been no significant changes
 in the number of Company employees covered by the multiemployer
 plans or other significant events that would affect the
 comparability of contributions to the plans.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=35%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=3 align=center&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Protection&lt;br /&gt;
 Act&lt;br /&gt;
 Zone Status&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=4 align=center&gt;FIP&lt;br /&gt;
 Implemented&lt;br /&gt;
 (yes or no)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=3 colspan=10 align=center&gt;TreeHouse Foods&lt;br /&gt;
 Contributions&lt;br /&gt;
 (In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=3&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=4 align=center&gt;Surcharge&lt;br /&gt;
 Imposed&lt;br /&gt;
 (yes&amp;#xA0;or&amp;#xA0;no)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=4 colspan=2 align=center&gt;Expiration&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Of Collective&lt;br /&gt;
 Bargaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Agreement&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=4&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 37.5pt&gt;
 Plan Name:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=3 align=center&gt;EIN&lt;br /&gt;
 Number&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=3 align=center&gt;Plan&lt;br /&gt;
 Number&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=3 align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;Plan Year Ended&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;December
 31&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Central States Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;36-2154936&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Red&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Red&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Yes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;617&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12/27/2016&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of
 Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;36-6067654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;413&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4/30/2017&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Fund&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;91-6145047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;361&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;379&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2/28/2015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company was listed in the plan&amp;#x2019;s Form 5500 as providing
 more than 5.0% of the total contributions for the following plan
 and plan years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 37.5pt&gt;
 Plan Name:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 Year&amp;#xA0;Contributions&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;Plan&lt;br /&gt;
 Exceeded&amp;#xA0;More&amp;#xA0;Than&amp;#xA0;5%&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;total&lt;br /&gt;
 Contributions&amp;#xA0;(as&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0; 31&lt;br /&gt;
 Of the Plan&amp;#x2019;s Year-End)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of
 Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 2014
&amp;#xA0;2013
&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Defined Benefit Pension Plans&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;The Company
 established a tax-qualified pension plan and master trust to manage
 the portion of the pension plan assets related to eligible
 salaried
 non-union
 and union employees not covered by a
 multiemployer pension plan. We also retain investment consultants
 to assist our Investment Committee with formulating a long-term
 investment policy for the master trust. The expected long-term rate
 of return on assets is based on projecting long-term market returns
 for the various asset classes in which the plan&amp;#x2019;s assets are
 invested
 weighted by the target asset allocations. The estimated
 ranges are primarily based on observations of historical asset
 returns and their historical volatility. In determining the
 expected returns
 we also consider consensus forecasts of certain
 market and economic factors that influence returns
 such as
 inflation
 gross domestic product trends
 and dividend yields.
 Active management of the plan assets may result in adjustments to
 the historical returns. We review the rate of return assumption
 annually.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s overall investment strategy is to provide a
 regular and reliable source of income to meet the liquidity needs
 of the pension plans and minimize reliance on plan sponsor
 contributions as a source of benefit security. The Company&amp;#x2019;s
 investment policy includes various guidelines and procedures
 designed to ensure assets are invested in a manner necessary to
 meet expected future benefits earned by participants. Central to
 the policy are target allocation ranges by major asset classes. The
 objective of the target allocations is to ensure the assets are
 invested with the intent to protect pension plan assets so that
 such assets are preserved for the provision of benefits to
 participants and their beneficiaries and such long-term growth as
 may maximize the amounts available to provide such benefits without
 undue risk. Additionally
 we consider the weighted average return
 of a capital markets model and historical returns on comparable
 equity
 debt
 and other investments. Our current asset mix
 guidelines
 under the investment policy
 target equities at 55% to
 65% of the portfolio and fixed income at 35% to 45%. At
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 our master trust was invested as follows:
 equity securities of 59.7%
 fixed income securities of 40.2% and
 cash and cash equivalents of 0.1%. Equity securities primarily
 include investments in collective equity funds that invest in
 domestic and international securities
 with a primary focus on
 domestic securities. Fixed income securities primarily include
 investments in collective funds that invest in corporate bonds of
 companies from diversified industries. Other investments are short
 term in nature
 including certificates of deposit
 investments in a
 collective bond fund that invests in commercial paper
 time
 deposits
 fixed rate notes and bonds and others.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plan assets at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013
 by asset category is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;(h)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Plan&amp;#xA0;Assets&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Measurements at&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Short Term Investment Fund (a)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Aggregate Bond Index Fund (b)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 U.S. Market Cap Equity Index Fund (c)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
858&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 International All Country World Index Fund (d)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Collective Daily 1-5 year credit bond fund (e)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
234&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Emerging Markets Index Fund (f)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Daily High Yield Fixed Income Fund (g)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
074&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;(h)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Plan&amp;#xA0;Assets&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Measurements at&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Short Term Investment Fund (a)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Aggregate Bond Index Fund (b)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
674&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 U.S. Market Cap Equity Index Fund (c)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
797&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 International All Country World Index Fund (d)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Collective Daily 1-5 year credit bond fund (e)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
799&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Emerging Markets Index Fund (f)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Daily High Yield Fixed Income Fund (g)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;This fund is an investment vehicle
 for cash reserves
 which seeks to offer a competitive rate of
 return through a portfolio of high-grade
 short term
 and money
 market instruments. Principal preservation is the primary objective
 of this fund.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to hold a portfolio representative of the overall United States
 bond and debt market
 as characterized by the Barclays Capital
 Aggregate Bond Index.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(c)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to approximate the risk and return characteristics of the Dow Jones
 U.S. ex-LP&amp;#x2019;s Total Stock Market Index.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(d)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to approximate the risk and return characteristics of the Morgan
 Stanley All Country World ex-US (MSCI ACWI ex-US) ND Index. This
 fund is commonly used to represent the non-U.S. equity in developed
 and emerging markets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(e)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to hold a portfolio representative of the intermediate credit
 securities portion of the United States bond and debt markets
 as
 characterized by the Barclays Capital U.S. 1-5 year Credit Bond
 Index.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(f)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to provide investment results that replicate the overall
 performance of the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. The Fund may make
 limited use of futures and/or options to maintain equity
 exposure.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(g)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to outperform the Barclay&amp;#x2019;s Capital High Yield Index over a
 market cycle while maintaining a similar level of volatility and
 credit quality as the index. This Fund can serve as a core bond
 investment position
 providing exposure to the U.S. Fixed Income
 market.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(h)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level 2 inputs are inputs other than
 quoted prices that are observable for an asset or liability
 either
 directly or indirectly.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Pension benefits for eligible salaried and non-union employees were
 frozen in 2002 for years of creditable service. For these
 employees
 incremental pension benefits are only earned for changes
 in compensation affecting final average pay. Pension benefits
 earned by union employees covered by collective bargaining
 agreements
 but not participating in multiemployer pension plans
 are earned based on creditable years of service and the specified
 benefit amounts negotiated as part of the collective bargaining
 agreements. The Company&amp;#x2019;s funding policy provides that annual
 contributions to the pension plan master trust will be at least
 equal to the minimum amounts required by Employee Retirement
 Security Act of 1974
 as amended. The Company estimates that its
 2015 contributions to its pension plans will be $1.6 million. In
 2014
 the retirement of selected employees with substantial pension
 balances owed upon retirement was deemed a settlement charge of
 $0.6 million. The measurement date for the defined benefit pension
 plans is December&amp;#xA0;31. In 2014
 the actuarial loss relating to
 the defined benefit pension plans was primarily driven by the
 change in the discount rate and the use of updated mortality
 tables.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Other Postretirement Benefits&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Certain employees
 participate in benefit programs that provide certain health care
 and life insurance benefits for retired employees and their
 eligible dependents. The plans are unfunded. The Company estimates
 that its 2015 contributions to its postretirement benefit plans
 will be $0.2 million. The measurement date for the other
 postretirement benefit plans is December&amp;#xA0;31.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company contributes to certain multiemployer postretirement
 benefit plans other than pensions on behalf of employees covered by
 collective bargaining agreements. These plans are administered
 jointly by management and union representatives and cover all
 eligible retirees. These plans are primarily health and welfare
 funds and carry the same multiemployer risks as identified at the
 beginning of this Note. Total contributions to these plans were
 $2.5 million
 $2.2 million
 and $1.8 million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes information about our pension and
 postretirement benefit plans for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousand)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in benefit obligation:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=5&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=5&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
672&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
942&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
772&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial losses (gains)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
826&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(285&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
317&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
672&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in plan assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actual return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
242&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
431&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Company contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
060&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
317&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets
 at year end&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Funded status of the plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
911&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(173&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-current liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
911&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
982&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net amount recognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
911&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amounts recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Loss:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
675&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;659&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
581&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
788&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(236&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(304&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total
 before tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
809&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Accumulated benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
688&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Weighted average assumptions used to determine the pension
 benefit obligations:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The key actuarial assumptions used to determine the postretirement
 benefit obligations as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013 are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Post&amp;#xA0;65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Post&amp;#xA0;65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Health care cost trend rates:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Health care cost trend rate for next year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Ultimate rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Year ultimate rate achieved&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the net periodic cost of our pension
 plans and postretirement plans
 for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Components of net periodic costs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
289&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
772&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
321&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;455&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;603&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;663&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
733&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
510&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 ASC 715 settlement charge&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;564&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
096&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
532&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Weighted average assumptions used to determine the periodic
 benefit costs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;4.50%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The estimated amount that will be amortized from accumulated other
 comprehensive income into net pension cost in 2015 is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
460&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Estimated future pension and postretirement benefit payments from
 the plans are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
066&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;158&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
104&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020-24&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
731&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;877&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The effect of a 1% change in health care trend rates would have the
 following effects on the postretirement benefit plan:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=17%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 1% Increase:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost plus interest cost for the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 1% Decrease:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost plus interest cost for the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Most of our employees are not eligible for postretirement medical
 benefits and of those that are
 the majority are covered by a
 multi-employer plan in which expenses are paid as incurred. The
 effect on those covered by plans for which we maintain a liability
 was not significant.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;PROPERTY
 PLANT
 AND
 EQUIPMENT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
097&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
492&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings and improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;194
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;644
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;536
256&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Construction in progress&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
010&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
146&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;915
557&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(371
779&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(338
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462
275&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The increase in fixed assets is due to capital expenditures and the
 acquisitions of Protenergy and Flagstone. Depreciation expense was
 $63.3 million
 $73.3 million
 and $64.7 million in 2014
 2013
 and
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Weighted average assumptions used to determine the periodic
 benefit costs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;4.50%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Balance
 Sheet&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
273&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
981&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;185
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
408&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;471
189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;122
909&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;594
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
361&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
196&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
564&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
849&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
989&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;681
536&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;234
557&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;949
436&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
411&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;416
104&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
464
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;202
986&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
667
985&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investment in subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
269
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;534
326&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
803
651&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;840
606&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(771
836&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68
770&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible and other assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
826&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;503
289&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;182
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;741
805&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
266
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
828
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650
726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
842
487&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
903
004&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Liabilities and Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;224
352&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;296
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current portion of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
278&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;311
233&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
439
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
961&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
445
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;289
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;319
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
088&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
862&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
622&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
759
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
269
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;534
326&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
803
651&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
759
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
266
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
828
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650
726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
842
487&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
903
004&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 24pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Balance
 Sheet&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;116
464&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;152
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;314
912&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
786&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;405
698&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
534&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
909&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
593&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;758&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
416&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462
546&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;162
804&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;649
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;379
380&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
469&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462
275&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;959
440&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;159
764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
119
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investment in subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
970
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258
305&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
228
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;154
742&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(223
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible and other assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;288
873&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;154
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;489
886&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
250
423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
416
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;322
958&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
269
278&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
721
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Liabilities and Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
127&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;204
920&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;238
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current portion of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
551&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
127&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;206
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;240
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;935
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;938
945&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;206&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;213
219&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
972&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
383&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;703&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
273
118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
970
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258
305&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
228
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
273
118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
250
423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
416
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;322
958&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
269
278&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
721
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 24pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
537
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;649
997&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(241
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
946
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
017
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;563
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(241
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
339
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;520
232&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;606
604&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
632&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;211
788&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;333
395&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
521&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(75
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;273
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
833&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;541&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
152&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
973&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
036&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(959&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
973&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss on extinguishment of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
701&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
796&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
519&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(138
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;270
234&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
844&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(51
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;92
644&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
807&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(963&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(175
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(963&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(175
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
011
944&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;379
143&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(97
160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
293
927&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
593
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;322
134&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(97
160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
818
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;418
540&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;475
549&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;166
849&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;256
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
445&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
610&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
206&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(58
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;224
630&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
930&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;178
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
358&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;967&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
663&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
304&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
675&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
173&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
663&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other (income) expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19
811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
135&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(106
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42
438&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
673&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(134
628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
673&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(134
628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
936
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;295
267&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
182
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
541
642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235
864&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
728
215&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;394
507&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;453
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
216&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;168
050&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;239
752&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
068&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
546&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other operating (income) expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(218&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
564&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
785&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(50
554&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;200
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
762&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;847&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
434&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
434&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
609&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
434&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
434&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;519&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
652&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Loss) income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(101
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;213
279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
246&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
306&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(160
029&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
363&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(160
029&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
363&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;554
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior Credit Agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;535
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;298
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisition Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;197
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022 Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018 Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax increment financing and other debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
496&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total outstanding debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
459
861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;940
496&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less current portion&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
551&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
445
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;938
945&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We recorded the following gains and losses on our derivative
 contracts in the Consolidated Statements of Income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=40%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Location of Gain (Loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recognized in Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Mark to market unrealized (loss) gain:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Other expense
 net&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;937&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total unrealized (loss) gain&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;937&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Realized (loss):&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Manufacturing related to cost of sales and
 transportation related to selling and distribution&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total realized (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total (loss) gain&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;563&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 18pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We provide credit terms to
 customers generally ranging between 10 and 30 days
 perform ongoing
 credit evaluations of our customers
 and maintain allowances for
 potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer
 balances are written off after all collection efforts are
 exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from sales at the time of shipment.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
 LOSS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss consists of the following
 components all of which are net of tax
 except for the foreign
 currency translation adjustment:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foreign&lt;br /&gt;
 Currency&lt;br /&gt;
 Translation&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrecognized&lt;br /&gt;
 Pension and&lt;br /&gt;
 Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&amp;#xA0;(2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivative&lt;br /&gt;
 Financial&lt;br /&gt;
 Instrument&amp;#xA0;(3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive&lt;br /&gt;
 Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
362&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
539&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
722&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
640&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
559&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(24
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
074&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(31
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(51
326&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
005&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(64
331&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The foreign currency translation
 adjustment is not net of tax
 as it pertains to the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 permanent investment in its Canadian subsidiaries.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The unrecognized pension and
 postretirement benefits reclassification is presented net of tax of
 $(3
683) thousand
 $4
592 thousand
 and $(1
626) thousand for the
 years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(3)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The derivative financial instrument
 reclassification is presented net of tax of $68 thousand and $101
 thousand for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications from
 Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Other Comprehensive Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Affected&amp;#xA0;Line&amp;#xA0;in&lt;br /&gt;
 The&amp;#xA0;Consolidated&lt;br /&gt;
 Statements&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Derivative financial instrument&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Interest&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined benefit pension and postretirement
 items:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
561&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial Adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
434&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
717&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
361&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total before tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
043&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
326&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
626&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;These accumulated other comprehensive
 income components are included in the computation of net periodic
 pension and postretirement cost. See Note 16 for additional
 details.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Represents the actuarial adjustment
 needed to adjust the Accumulated other comprehensive loss balance
 to actual.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 18pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the carrying value and fair value of
 our financial instruments as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Not recorded at fair value (liability):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(554
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(559
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior Credit Agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(535
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(532
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(298
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(315
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisition Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(197
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(202
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022 Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(406
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018 Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(435
520&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recorded on a recurring basis at fair value (liability) asset:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Capital Lease Obligations&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Capital lease
 obligations represent machinery and equipment financing
 obligations
 which are generally payable in monthly installments of
 principal and interest
 and are collateralized by the related
 assets financed.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The geographic location of long-lived assets is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-lived assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 United States&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;490
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;416
170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;388
642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462
275&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;425
307&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
097&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
492&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings and improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;194
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;644
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;536
256&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Construction in progress&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
010&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
146&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;915
557&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(371
779&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(338
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462
275&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications from
 Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Other Comprehensive Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Affected&amp;#xA0;Line&amp;#xA0;in&lt;br /&gt;
 The&amp;#xA0;Consolidated&lt;br /&gt;
 Statements&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Derivative financial instrument&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Interest&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined benefit pension and postretirement
 items:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
561&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial Adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
434&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
717&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
361&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total before tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
043&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
326&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
626&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;These accumulated other comprehensive
 income components are included in the computation of net periodic
 pension and postretirement cost. See Note 16 for additional
 details.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Represents the actuarial adjustment
 needed to adjust the Accumulated other comprehensive loss balance
 to actual.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;RESTRUCTURING&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Soup restructuring&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; In August of 2012
 following a strategic review of the soup category
 the Company
 announced a restructuring plan that included reductions to the cost
 structure of the Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania facility by reorganizing
 and simplifying the soup business there and the closure of the
 Mendota
 Illinois soup plant. The restructuring has reduced
 manufacturing costs by streamlining operations and transferring
 production from the Mendota plant to the Pittsburgh plant.
 Production at the Mendota facility was primarily related to the
 North American Retail Grocery segment and ended as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 with full plant closure in the second
 quarter of 2013. Total costs of the restructuring are expected to
 be approximately $28.1 million as detailed below
 of which $5.5
 million is expected to be in cash. Expenses associated with the
 restructuring plan are primarily aggregated in the Other operating
 expense
 net line of the Consolidated Statements of Income
 with
 the exception of accelerated depreciation
 which is recorded in
 Cost of sales. This restructuring is substantially complete.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Below is a summary of the restructuring costs:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=41%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Soup Restructuring&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cumulative&amp;#xA0;Costs&lt;br /&gt;
 To Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&amp;#xA0;Expected&lt;br /&gt;
 Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accelerated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
887&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Severance and outplacement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;769&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;769&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other closure costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
456&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
091&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
127&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
456&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; On August&amp;#xA0;7
 2012
 the Company announced the closure of its salad dressing plant
 in Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada
 and the transfer of production to
 facilities where the Company has lower production costs. Production
 at the Seaforth
 Ontario facility was primarily related to the
 North American Retail Grocery segment and ended in the fourth
 quarter of 2013
 with full plant closure occurring in the first
 quarter of 2014. Total costs to close the Seaforth facility are
 expected to be approximately $14.1 million as detailed below
 of
 which $6.2 million is in cash. Expenses incurred associated with
 the facility closure are primarily aggregated in the Other
 operating expense
 net line of the Consolidated Statements of
 Income. Certain costs
 primarily accelerated depreciation
 are
 recorded in Cost of sales. This restructuring is substantially
 complete.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Below is a summary of the restructuring costs:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=40%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Seaforth Closure&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cumulative&amp;#xA0;Costs&lt;br /&gt;
 To Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&amp;#xA0;Expected&lt;br /&gt;
 Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accelerated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
574&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
582&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
582&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Severance and outplacement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other closure costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
250&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;895&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
598&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
998&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued purchase of property and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
824&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
777&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued other intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
005&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;431&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Estimated future pension and postretirement benefit payments from
 the plans are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
066&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;158&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
104&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020-24&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
731&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;877&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the performance unit activity during
 the twelve months ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Performance&lt;br /&gt;
 Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested
 at January 1
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;216&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79.89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54.90&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested
 at December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68.76&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; We measure compensation
 expense for our equity awards at their grant date fair value. The
 resulting expense is recognized over the relevant service period.
 See Note 14.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;INVESTMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 U.S. equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-U.S. equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
692&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fixed income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We determine the appropriate classification of our investments at
 the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation as of each
 balance sheet date. The Company accounts for investments in debt
 and marketable equity securities as held-to-maturity
 available-for-sale
 or trading
 depending on their classification.
 The investments held by the Company are classified as trading
 securities and are stated at fair value
 with changes in fair value
 recorded as a component of the Interest income line on the
 Consolidated Statements of Income. Cash flows from purchases
 sales
 and maturities of trading securities are included in cash
 flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of
 Cash Flows based on the nature and purpose for which the securities
 were acquired.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Our investments are considered trading securities and include U.S.
 equity
 non-U.S. equity
 and fixed income securities that are
 classified as short-term investments and carried at fair value on
 the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The U.S. equity
 non-U.S. equity
 and fixed income securities are classified as short-term
 investments as they have characteristics of other current assets
 and are actively managed.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We consider temporary cash investments with an original maturity of
 three months or less to be cash equivalents. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 $31.6 million
 and $19.3 million
 respectively
 represent cash and cash
 equivalents held in Canada in local currency. The cash and cash
 equivalents held in Canada are expected to be used for general
 corporate purposes in Canada
 including capital projects and
 acquisitions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 For the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 we recognized a net
 unrealized gain on investments totaling $0.7 million that was
 included in the Interest income line of the Consolidated Statements
 of Income. Additionally
 for the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 we recognized a realized gain on investments totaling $0.2 million
 that was included in the Interest income line of the Consolidated
 Statements of Income. In 2014
 net proceeds and realized losses
 from the sale of fixed income securities were insignificant. When
 securities are sold
 their cost is determined based on the FIFO
 method.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Insurance Accruals&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We retain selected levels of
 property and casualty risks
 primarily related to employee health
 care
 workers&amp;#x2019; compensation claims
 and other casualty
 losses. Many of these potential losses are covered under
 conventional insurance programs with third party carriers having
 high deductible limits. In other areas
 we are self-insured with
 stop-loss coverage. Accrued liabilities for incurred but not
 reported losses related to these retained risks are calculated
 based upon loss development factors that consider a number of
 elements
 including claims history and expected trends. We develop
 these accruals with external insurance brokers and actuaries.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Classification of net deferred tax assets (liabilities) in the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
564&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
909&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-current liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(319
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(228
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(283
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(206
660&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company was listed in the plan&amp;#x2019;s Form 5500 as providing
 more than 5.0% of the total contributions for the following plan
 and plan years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 37.5pt&gt;
 Plan Name:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 Year&amp;#xA0;Contributions&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;Plan&lt;br /&gt;
 Exceeded&amp;#xA0;More&amp;#xA0;Than&amp;#xA0;5%&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;total&lt;br /&gt;
 Contributions (as of December&lt;br /&gt;
 31 Of the Plan&amp;#x2019;s Year-End)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of
 Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 2014
&amp;#xA0;2013
&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over
 their estimated useful lives as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Straight-line method over 5 to 20 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Trademarks&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Straight-line method over 10 to 20 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Non-competition agreements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Straight-line method over the terms of the
 agreements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Deferred financing costs&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Straight-line method over the terms of the related
 debt&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Formulas/recipes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Straight-line method over 5 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Computer software&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Straight-line method over 2 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Accumulated benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
688&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the
 straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 18.2pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings and improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;12-40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3-15 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Office furniture and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3-12 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Future minimum payments at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 under
 non-cancelable capital leases
 operating leases
 and purchase
 obligations
 including input costs such as raw materials
 ingredients
 and packaging
 are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital&lt;br /&gt;
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Purchase&lt;br /&gt;
 Obligations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
930&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;501
802&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
633&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
903&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
223&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
901&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
046&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;143&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total minimum payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
819&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;126
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;538
960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less amount representing interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Present value of capital lease obligations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
311&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 millions)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intrinsic value of stock options exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit recognized from stock option exercises&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 millions)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of vested restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit recognized from vested restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 millions)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair Value of performance units vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit recognized from performance units vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2017

  

 2017 at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed

  
  

 at any time prior to March 15
 2017

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Weighted average assumptions used to determine the pension
 benefit obligations:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We have made an allocation to net tangible and intangible assets
 acquired and liabilities assumed as follows (in USD):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
835&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
332&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
496&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
581&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
522&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
587&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of assets acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;227
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19
920&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of liabilities assumed&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total purchase price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;184
902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We have made a preliminary allocation to net tangible and
 intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
640&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;231
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Supplier relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
755&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;505
558&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of assets acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;980
830&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(65
866&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(59
833&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total purchase price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;855
131&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if its acquisition of Flagstone had
 been completed as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 the issuance of common stock
 interest expense related
 to the financing of the business combination
 and related income
 taxes. The pro forma results may not necessarily reflect actual
 results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are they
 necessarily indicative of future results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands
&amp;#xA0;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
332
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
990
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;85
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.97&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We have made a preliminary allocation to net tangible and
 intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows (in
 USD):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
283&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
355&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;433&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
280&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
867&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of assets acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;191
746&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(41
416&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfavorable contractual agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total purchase price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142
687&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if the acquisition of Protenergy had
 been completed as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 interest expense related to the financing of the
 business combination
 and related income taxes. These pro forma
 results may not necessarily reflect actual results of operations
 that would have been achieved
 nor are they necessarily indicative
 of future results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands
&amp;#xA0;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82
320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79
198&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.09&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.05&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.12&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if the acquisitions of Associated
 Brands and Cains had been completed as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013.
 Adjustments have been made for the pro forma effects of
 depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets
 recognized as part of the business combinations
 interest expense
 related to the financing of the business combinations
 and related
 income taxes. These pro forma results may not necessarily reflect
 actual results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are
 they necessarily indicative of future results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=19%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
486
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;93
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      



    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


























































































































    

 which seeks to offer a competitive rate of return through a portfolio of high-grade
 short term



    
    


    




    
    

683)
 $4
592
 and $(1
626) for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012


 2013 and 2012


 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and performance units excluded from our computation of diluted earnings per share
 because they were anti-dilutive
 were 0.4 million
 0.5 million
 and 0.4 million for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012


683) thousand
 $4
592 thousand
 and $(1
626) thousand for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012


 2013 and 2012

    


    
    
    






















































































































































  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2014-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2014-01-31
  xmlns:ths=http://www.treehousefoods.com/20141231
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2014-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2014-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
  xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.treehousefoods.com/20141231




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Fair Value

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


















































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink






    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    





 workers' compensation





    


    
    



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    



 Share-based Compensation

    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    
    





 restricted stock
 restricted stock units



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    








    
    


    
    



 Pro Forma Earnings Per Share

    



 Pro Forma Earnings Per Share

    



 Pro Forma Information


 Pro Forma Information




 Pro Forma Information


 Pro Forma Information





    



 Goodwill

    






    




    




    


    
    




    



 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date

    



 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Intangible Assets

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Noncurrent Liabilities

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant


 plant



    
    


    
    
    


    
    










    
    
    




    


    
    



 Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class

    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    




    




    




    




    




    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Lessee Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class

    


    
    


    
    








    


    
    




    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    















 Shares






 Shares






 Value


 par value $.01 per share
 90
000 shares authorized
 42
663 and 36
493 shares issued and outstanding



    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Net of Tax

    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    





 restricted stock units and performance units



    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    




    
    




    
    




    
    



 Interest Rate

    



 Interest Rate

    


    
    




    
    









 Redemption






 Redemption


 Redemption




 Redemption


 Redemption




 Redemption Period






 Redemption


 Redemption




 Redemption Period






 Redemption


 Redemption




 Redemption


 Redemption




 Redemption Price


 plus accrued and unpaid interest




 Redemption Price





    
    









 Cash Awards Granted

    



 Individual Contracts


 Individual Contracts



    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    




    




    




    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    
    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    




    




    


    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals

    




    




    




    




    



 Net

    
    




    



 Amount of Unrecognized Deferred Tax Liability

    




    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)






 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Gains (Losses)

    
    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)

    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    












    










    




    




    
    


    
    










    










    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    




    








    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    



 Settlements

    
















    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    









 Fair Value



    



 Fair Value

    





 Gain (Loss) on Derivative

    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    




    










    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    










    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    



 Nonvested Awards






 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized







    




    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Individual Contracts


 Individual Contracts



    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    
    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    



 Balance Sheet Grouping


 Balance Sheet Grouping



    
    










    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Inputs


 Inputs




 Inputs


 Inputs









    
    



 Measurements


 Measurements




 Balance Sheet Location


 Balance Sheet Location





    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    




    


    
    




    


    
    










    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 operating leases







    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    



 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items

    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    




    



 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential

    




    



 Other Adjustments






 State and Local Income Taxes

    


    

 accrued expenses



    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges. Also includes Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date















    
    
    


    
    




    






    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    



 Finished Goods

    




    


    
    






    




    



 Raw Materials and Supplies

    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    



 Subsidiaries
 Associates

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Borrowing Capacity

    




    










    










    
    




    




    


    
    
    
    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    


    
    
















    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    



 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement

    



 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement

    




    


    
    
















    


    
    




    






    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    
    




    


    
    
    
    



 restricted stock units
 or performance share units

    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    




    
    



 Unfavorable


 Unfavorable





    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    


    
    


    
    
    






    


    
    










    


    





 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)

    



 before Reclassifications

    



 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges

    





 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges






 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment

    


    


    




    
    
    




    
    



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment

    





 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans

    



 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Gain (Loss)

    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    





 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement

    




    















 net


 Other

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 cost of acquired entity
 purchase price







    
    
    


    
    



 Plant


 plant



    
    




    



 Liabilities

    


    
    




    
    




    
    



 less any units previously accrued

    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





















 Value


 par value $.01 per share
 10
000 shares authorized





    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Plant

    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    









 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment






 Plant




 Plant and Equipment

    









 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment


 plant
 and equipment


 plant
 and equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 plant






 Plant




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Net




 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $1



    
    



 Current Period

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    

 Ontario





    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    








    






    


















    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    





 Fair Value



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    


    
    




    



 Stock Options

    



 Stock Options

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    





 general



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    









 Award Vesting Rights









    


    
    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period

    









 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    


    
    



 Non-Option Equity Instruments







    




    



 Options
 Exercisable


 at December 31




 Options
 Exercisable


 at December 31




 Options
 Exercisable


 at December 31




 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable


 at December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding


 at December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding


 at December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding


 at December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding


 at December 31



    
    



 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options
 Forfeitures in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    




    


    






    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Shares

    





 Shares
 Share-based Compensation



    



 Options

    



 Value

    



 Value
 Share-based Compensation

    




    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    

 Stock Options

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    
















    




    




    


    




    
    




    


    
    
    




    




    
    




    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g843925g03s37.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0UR4&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A24T$```````$`````$```)````0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`
M````.$))300:``````!U````!@`````````````!?0```E\````*`#@`-``S
M`#D`

M24T$$0```````0$`.$))3004```````$`````CA24T$#``````*S0````$`
M``!P````1@```5```%O@```*L0`8``'_V/_@`!!*1DE&``$`0!(`$@``/_N

M!0$!`0$!`0`````````#``$!`4&!P@)@L!``$%`0$!`0$!``````````$`
M`@

S1R@M%#!R624_#A\6-S-1:BLH


M`$@_S?\`S)+;=_I!_F_^9)*:/V;(VN_4

DE(

M/\W_`

;_
MI+I[^2CF?T2__BW_`/4E)3__T/3L'^A8_P#Q3/\`J0EE9%M`!KQK
F0=*RP1

R'NASVM9
GW$F?W=M?H^W^O9:DIH8G3K:_K'=G/MWA^&RH





@N8Q];B/W2YK


MS/+6#U



MCV^UTD_N_P#@B^94DE/TXTYPN#_T[JPYQ=411!!$-9N#P_V.]RCEW/+;2:+&

M=`!O`'
`:`!O`'``(``V`X`,`````$`.$))300&```````'``@``0`!`0#_
M[@`.061O8F4`9$`````!_]L`A``!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`@(`@(`@(`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$`@$`@
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P/_P``1`%]`E\#`1$``A$!`Q$!_]T`!`!,_\0`J``!
M`0``P`#`0$```````````@&!P4)@(#!`$+`0$!`0$`````````````````
M`0(#$```!@(!`0()`D#`@0&`@

4$2(O!Q@9&A
E+AL4)BT?'_V@`
`P$``A$#$0`_`/1/






























!@
!@
M!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
`^HK_`$MH'[_G3V_O
M%IS)+7'O\G__T?7YTK/\;G#[M%3_P`J-^2.C7+]I7YE9
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@



M5P=-8*4]TKI592:]@UV:R*@)=2XN*#CHW86DH%0_UC0U*TMK^+=5ZE9(X
3H
9<%`:Y*4W(;5:*^0M-CUJ

/MOSJ1UI0UB
M6GE%3W78\=X[1V#RSE#9]=LT-50WC^P60G/7Q)5)DLEF\9ELO4B9?*S@FC
M3:\*&YG%I2


M7E*MNZW.


-
M$^/K:SH8]*T

M8PWJ;+YY?1R*0
M9R/CJ]]




Z3^)&.J)BBPG]_P!L98U1J

MB:!8KI!F7B97?+V029H88XL;X]$K=E*.%U96#R7N7E+DMUSR1J34Z)HT2)$6
M)(=M2N(UHO9BSQG\MY\4.8\&Y?

M1RB*/:05M+IS`)0PO[&X@4)5%T/#X4D\@X)9A0@Y4F*072G-SF=9_(6+\&

32-A3IW
',A.22,'BIHCN\34BK2!07.WHAPXH#D

M4K





7_41$3--'47U19`



M;UO6^T.JDQ2G
(8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`@/J*_TMH'[_`)T]O[Q:




MQA-]!FTI]

MIFQSMU(36LAL%)/.0MV)K
4QL
.DT07Q]TC!5T72J@D%*42M&C-V:
0!A-



M^9DZ8I]/GU-N

M.FS]%@]
ROK/Y5Q+E!

*Y






MBJ%XIP/CS87(6P(2Y/9IG(:70F6/

MD8M*C5!FC=[[HM![`ZJ3-TEV7=


M@4G)/&
MK]0)*G.'&_%C[*MM`
M^-[UU'<8PF^@S:4^F2Z(*_O`#X10/7;VVDO\`X:?1]'^O(V*%*:[Y797
MKK'VCDSI.]LZ.LW5SFM8\IYVKL2?0HW4F@[RW1Q0UR%5V-CL@3EKTZ?O!$(



M9ON$\N9N9
)$KTY
AW&B*0ODY=/*1`_2%5+[N@













M_]/U^=*S_&YP@^[14_\`*C?DCHUR_:5^963`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`

M_&YP@^[14_\`*C?DCHUR_:5^963`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#
M`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#





#EK:_6/.4%P*DJ5V/C0:^
M.+0<Z,Z((1WK8=C




H9LCV46`)YF^Z5WM[UL



















@`*H
JJMS

D2)B0:`666$(`!UK6M:UK`



MA@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@

M0/W_`#I[?WBTYDEKCW^3_]'U^=*S_&YP@^[14_\`*C?DCHUR_:5^963`8#`8

!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@

M]4N%WWEY5_9URQPN5+X0P&`P&`P&!`?45_I;0/W_`#I[?WBTYDEKCW^3_]+U

M_P`?5AA9[*7PA@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@


N3Z





M#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`ZY[8ZLG



S2

Q=:*GL7D[QLJ#2GZ6.0=(UCM&




M2((P]@=&:V





M]BCBYY#6&:$E3WI;UU/

MTJ^




M!@
!@0'U%?Z6T#]_SI[?WBTYDEKCW^3_U/7YTK/\;G#[M%3_P`J-^2.C7+]
MI7YE9,!@,!@,!@?F`M1F+#VXM


%




MB[3?(3VKG]Y!W-$
(X42
'=[HM!V(/:*CO*5N0/(3EY`G=IAUH\IJ:JF
MT9

M_4R+$1AH%/TM+9Y/+D5A]1+D9?$




MTT?55M2:N)-4
@L2#1^6.]9S#96Y)#%SR@*5GLCGLL!(A#3B'VE[-)3*=DB!
ML].G.\(07ISG2:;BPA@
!@
!@0'U%?Z6T#]_SI[?WBTYDEKCW^3_U?7YTK/\



:W0N49D`XH6^#3-JQP;'E4M/)2%^*`3#%]6\N\R?3?[*?I*M_+


5NM4/BY6L7.R




M/7











M]Y'VE4):4+7A70Q$G!V&R:[6U$=^71M'C3Q/E7'/4EE@S8E;%\V5M.KN3D1
M9$ED;G9=D+R!;-3MWAR(L4W0VOF$0O`LL89RDK.TI0``HP_9J@Y7'
I
S/;


[1A0+'G=?VQ`(249H(ME*PF1RL[(7*41O9K98#

=K7QS



A:.!?*BRCB7.\.+








M_:5^963`8#`8#`8&CR.-''Q/8\^MTJEZU^DJTXBD@EC3`R(
ISM-(DE&]B&R

MHC)P


J

8JS
WU13:_..03*72.@^`





7I$RH!*!`&
AO0^-&@.='=;X/84R)*`Y
M6J

M=?=L[BVDKMB`)*^3X:%/L@6SV1:'8=Y&M(Z]6^JX5TK03\OL5(FD=IWN_H
M@(I9R
N]E29F?DK
M?&`P&`P)2OUV+)N[@ZQ;)&(UQY`V([`/T(/@RRV7B-R21FDC#_ZMC/$_@V'

!@
!@
!@
!@


T)8BT?QSC?;?
60
EK\[V=%&:L97-+(:EX(M


MMW3QL.*54U`Y@,`6JCC5W'54G-4$*#]!VF5[G5=./367;I5=3UK1\CU7U%
M(Y7=?Q1&%`P12+-I#8TMY';L9H]$DA[ZE8K.$(U0I.$8H4G$8:



MP,R4Q4K,+()!`-C'V!UVX$MK.8*F=P.

MQ\EN/6R.0O\`?08

M*;E@=55*^LR^/5
=1D+5JKZCIRAT:SR9R_6+::J5UN0[`94JM'II3PI4448M

M1



!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@

.JT
MQFJ*KVQ
7L*Q8([;N][`-6[+#C#!``)F](C1UMWUU?[5Y!60KXJ=(JIS;^MI

MB22@;
-..-



4:C:*)-R-98\E&ZR\WPS$WE%+!Z5Z$X#ULU5LTT
NTP]4K4C*3IR2]?I$(
M8M!UK_KO`Z(N675.KIHY?\9:!J./P;D9/TUO'2.JR*?Y`UD_H97*7^A+MJ$Z
M!6JH*&:91+FU3:S6X\2A8!V`J8@G*TH#E10V[4MJ..DR[Y2-G))$I+**4*


!@
M
!@
!@
!@


;-=4)E=I0+#6\#ELT)6S2]&;!W=B#V]NI;IX1E[
KF8#`8#`8#
M`8#`8#`8#`^(A!`$0QB```[$(0MZ$(0Z[1$+?9H(0ZUV[WO\`Z8'6%)N2
M=N\Q9^5)P-=TD9J]F


M71S\(8X7CR[OV;+2([6[&\.B@.E

MJ@``KI/
Y0ZGK9!+I.Y;!K9Z]P4J%`]:T'O:`$(0UF9OJWAA$+6YSO@L7FSI
M25!PR4\M.2+;W2G*HZ=.;A
\!


MM5;WV86([ST:X)X:6[R9


E?7J1NG$AOYO[LXO3
MB%IN'D''FH*YU6'+E86U@C]LMCQM^E!XO`HT29.D3%]A9)1980@TJ#RY9=J


M/$2+BM0



MH\
4-


M/4NU:?;AM:MZJ91`-

M*41V#

M+.3DD*.$H

`)%9%O.M;28MN0JVE

MS7(6U
[$#CH&LXMZ3E.(1Z7%@4!$3.7:*02!.2207LT0BR0//.4G`6#0


JZF\(ED?;J4X_!1V38ZXV1L;
MDV-Z6Z[XD[:2TFLB

MFBSFPV;21:Q64*M1.K7^+2G:9@?4#L?J-28JQ%9L=?]E)-^)KPE&2*.X;H
M`M@[-J:\XP[_`(N

+8

U8Z^KV(HO'7Z32!2(A(F,P!1$D3D@/7N[R



TVY/

M56.\DIJSOL--*G]M2Z4F'S+E[R$+&I,,43.:#4D(5)I@&=`B)68)1/+#N6

DLV\I.DVMAW'6EV(RQ;ODZ/\`6['8
-;#R@16*`V`

&+].5

MUV!$.NS00AUKLUK7_3/E@












^S1

M`
6Z
XQ


VYVD[BM7G`0R.0'Z4B$$E'^J`L,6I[S3K0OSA/U3^2G*5;<KS#&SCC
M3IDC9]6+6/'_`)#HIQ*K);0EU.I=).VZN-N#43G(!,C*UMRY$;'F!ID(H4J1
MKR33T*M:U6^













U%=






M



:*TH1*;S;+/?HEQ5C#F!1XEL:VX974C(&RR


C/12-M;



MMRK[%






MI%!:Q=&RW7$*HLL_47;SRH@G-`$2HMT4=X[2(CO*3



MN$0FQ;J=&[1
YY.WS?LFF]P/*(`3='I-S-YI!
WP.)?ZXNZQQY.S

MNSMRUQS/V_U)GE/:*^-G
&\NK/ETFN*MZ*HQEMBR*=)(0/WA9U8\&JH


E36
MQ`R+#N=ON*X(%'#D$EX.=/\`FTVLR


MGP)]0!77S-.+?%_B7TSZJ`:$8
MVF6N3=9ML!3F%D#$Z-%=4]%D=


M!:4D1HD24@&BR$R1*GI$LA.G)+#H(``#H(=:[-:[



MBF/7

M7


M/?Y/_]7U^=*S_&YP@^[14_\`*C?DCHUR_:5^963`8#`8#`8&GV+C]2$9MN67


M

MQ]L1
S(S-J0O1*1N:FIN(3(&]E*#H)9))8P!UV:UK6$:`XZ?[WR:^\O*_^
M/JPPL]E+X0P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P


M?X#E+R3(D].\=M$]P6D[I`HR:V!NB\DIAY8PEF-;8T



?)^R#71S[YTVG(:




D1:=+'5S0Z&/4OEAJI2=MO/2'C4NPL8BA&:+MW
M'2:JIZ/]-VD.


[0
M.'

$$`I_RHY'%IT1
M;4G621::

49G3JMBTM[X-%C$0DE%.4G+B(1


MWIKK&JW@F6SA#K9W885+)1(4ZC0`Z$2$&Q%[K-XA;E:5-5U,1=':BKJ$5A
M#T`0Z21F`Q=EB3&2((=`\+IM8T2%*-0/6NT9H@[


M=8A44&D

3A)D$Y2PL
J?FUBW+)A7]8!B\?VY*0)@NC[Z+71*9
M()N2B


J[Z?=5

C#H(ZO




M+[?DAY@2Q6Q.)3CBQ&B)`#00APM1#6$XX5QJO5J*=\V.3W#?CDZE;\I)76
MV)6_\Y.0BL]4/]0UBM+G?*5$#:'Y(E*+E!&*J*%3WQDA%V`WL7B);/9H;P
MVFXVK4*XL\\.J8[-VBBHU)[U8Y*GX\)#2C!F%I&I)R07T'Q6;&0D8N^(49BZ
MI
U




MKE%H2@PPLHHTZ6VG+E3[8DJ..T3K8Q.#FHWL7;O_`*BWO=29F5(X0P&`P&`P






M7PFC4AT=X6TC(X[QU(5Z6%B
TC)=B1^
`\%I.$6A!P7C\
TA0(G/V5+$81+N
MH+S&BN^Q
/G$K@1P'\K/`ML*5:DG*_D8HVL_P#FW9\.C*HVA8Z
M;T/O`LG;^4(X(MF;$'?ZQ)F.\S*AO8*E]@_ZW)KFSRPNDI1_IN
*@LS;.*]


!@
!@
!@0'U


2

M+8AC



3K#FN41]T7(%0B#$YNDJ




KX@]




M




5:-[!#+4SWEM



M;S59G)VN(%%+L5C



I1Y;-]13H^]/F-&.:MVH]





NH::=63D+R'D#G7_')L4Q@XH?BJB+

M5;P(YR61+D-HNT-J'C7


#'VJ
M51M\=Y.P

UGEEMB-.^#\96C\5
MV
!X#``%









M=X7YY0&`WPI1BEDM&PI+%2A$ZUH(`IV\@`0:[-![1V*TSY2J:M^/E4X$L%
M14A4-5@*\)X(%;UK#(.$OPI/BYO@PQAE:]`\(G_4%V=G:#]7?Z/T8+G+;V$
M!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@

M_P`J-^2.C7+]I7YE9
!@
!@
!@?5H\D1QB8)Q0E!11)YI&C`;.+)4#/+(.
*
MUOO@*/&F

+/9M6S[;JV








MGK[&G61
D@K[CY3C2J
B/'6LXI


ML
=$_P#$*.L+

LG!2'4-EW^O..==;UL$X8!&-/'7B5'
I:P8RM]\)AC.7H!VM;V`9?:6*I<8?'73Y;G_8/I8Y@<
M\;=*





!@
!@
!@0'U%?Z6T#]_S







JQNY(WG?+LFA;%YI


M-4H


@Z_1VZ[<5Q_J5\N
+O2.J+B;:I=Q5W6(W24.S
VX*5*


















!@
!@

MC(@)2PE!WH`=!T2VN_8ZXH?0Y[//LX4I]!GE/RW]$_T;13T$\N^'\9\O^CGD


;V!I^B9
S$
L

MT:[XYU[$;!JKD#
6*NY6SI7$AVB;.HK6')#VYJ-$XF%@3')9

#)UY:\PE





M


0AFBWNPQRZL

MNES+UKTO\\
%1D^EV^?=+F7K7I?YX8*C)]+M\^Z7
O6O2_SPP5&3Z7;Y]TN9




M!13\O@
(LE.6B-%

%1D^EV^?=+F7K7I?YX8*C)]+M\^Z7
O6O2_SPP5&3


L/1

%1D^EV^?
M=+F7K7I?YX8*C)]+M\^Z7



%1EAY?)6VS9\LK8'%=^DZ(-LX4%;L^F=(]
M
+L].SC,K]




C






MG%FI&R

K




M#JV-+*YOI2!*6\N+


M\!@
!@
!@
!@


3L7@SC`B#D\!@,!@,!@,`^HK_`$MH'[_G3V_O%IS)
M+7'O\G__U/7YTK/\;G#[M%3_P`J-^2.C7+]I7YE9,!@,!@,!@,#IIZTC9:
M.A*[L&(7=-:^BD1OOCT@?ZYAB=K:2;'=97?5;

M

63N2UQZM=0=17[FC!JGJ;D#;C?S!EL@HN;'O[G?JF`T5

]?4



?=65S

M^/:-CYH@KJVZH7T=R:EC;4O
&1H'Q8]*[]@,9943?6LXD


M-(U)7VPB4Y[82S1I1




M0-ITJ0





!@
#65QPN

*N6%







MX].L_MV!])M8].GME?XWT[.3



M]N]JFR2
VS+(W&HQQ[-U`6YQ8(_W6%NM!Z5;:1



M-

M&P%A.UBUM954?(V-'LXP]

M`#EY=W!


M4G5SFO@F6[KV8F-6L=DRIOTT-:Q60Z-!3@44


IMMP@Z(TLXS98R#]

_B25

1SWCVDE$







:CX






MA):VN*O8TPBDM7LBN0Q*(
-I1A@6PN-Q.3+SFMF:%I:-U/9429:)+X$W1NT'


MQMG]C.RAM5ND_FU&5A*ILY*F9B;&A2X2I]BZ]]6*&IM;4R=,,P\0B$Y98-


MN$



!O8=;[.W6L#3-B\

%*_P`:`6$\M6<(T`@C[-Z%SUO5SP:)I$-=,5/_`$.U
M;NIHP<S*8W6(X!%#*^8%,==BGY@5,T-&TBCK:I9'T@U(82G`-.L!HXO83-:



CCL78V1^EI
?325V:VY




UQR


!@



[H=:T2YGK+:6`P&`P&!





MH7?5M7`8#`8#`T9).
'&F91A[A
OX\49*X9)K`=+9DD1DE2P%\C$@M1\VIV]



8I-&4



GS%Q\^



GS%Q\^(G!6Y[64V]

MR?

GS%Q\^(G!6Y[64V]R#F3YBX^?$











V/3_
KG
4KDT/+0Y)34ZI*
MH*+/3GEB+







M-QR2R4R


M87/H+-DTVKR

1OB)N4&(E!)I81@/*V
5+#H


&$5+6M\=2/C?3M!O-UL
EW9JX

U/ZC2`X&U

MOR-Z





X!

E4VK@
!@
!@2K*N=G&21\AL

BDVOJ3]/)V;&YU3\Y^(B=

@E:G+4E$N+2Z3!(YM:XL!F@G)E!11Y!FM@

M-]5-R#H2_$[VKHJ[ZANE)&3D*:1JJFLJ&6
GCZAS`I-;2'L^'O3R6U'.!:(X

9F5[H*]Y!3

59SD

M(9
XNQI\87B/0@`%5Y/%:1+7?'#J+3*YY5QK;)I2M9PR-\K?I.*K-37W(U=;



H2)*'.W+GB+5
;6\9)LY





-DE






]P&`P&!C\




MSL
6E

0G+ZUR*3-Z1I$X!=F]M9]



)O
M8WY:)8Z@WI(;VED61QN/JIKDIR9MFKN--3W/%Z[41ASG3K6X+55RFNK`N$'
M&F(S*).3[))O,:EJU?'KL-/!I$0B9ER!M6MQA(UVUAQY*9*?O52(BVKXSU*
M(!&Z8@$XLMP:;AD$UB?(RPVI\XD






M!6%NH

?QV$RZ9
[7&*I5(8Z_LC

MK;3O:U:+?HG4#HD;6Q+L=?FTD_OFE[@B6EO)!B)$64E-
-4EK/%9G)SF(U\7




M


N293R:
M-TL'7Z5U#5M?,J:+Q)H\7C4RIB^D_(BOK%/+TJ2)Y$!#.6IO+6-!Y112UF
M&2)0'1V^Y4B:80+@/8@)FT7JDY$
*3DWN\Y)=$NGX*1
.J]V!*N/\9XS*XC&

MCQ`*3KE
]I:J2QJZW*

MTU&J3#
!7HAG$[5E]_O:E+Y:W2W*@KB\X<Y'NEJWXTVEY9'+W-^8F*H6ZN(
MPB?7I5#XP7!-S&:2:.Q.),T=<00.KM(5SBO?#E)K@`LA
E!4TPH3&`P&
M`P,45P2#KU)ZU=#8HM6*C1GJ5:N.MA2H.



MJMO:&U*0F&G$!(%*8
`][4&:U*:CE


RNK)37#S7XYDX]WXHL5J
J&'2UT@






@2!D]V9W%G/T42X-(TO

M6F_@3A?')LOE0GE]



;!Q




MQN@*;%8'&ZXY]7$GC;K/)_

95/25T:WYU


M$16
-1Q);+72UC2B,+)VU2NVGR9R5VD4]60.;C2%X:4D:;0$J-.#BT.KBF


CP(IJ3EM/I`/:[;26



:]XSNC(\Q276#*%\=X\U?QA


MKSI0-T-
0WV-8%2SO)HCGT&GU;KF8EY:7U*T/
?5(79HDS+(XI+8J^L
A6


K9=`)$I<(G9#BH-.<
MVU:-`]DHW!M\2
3=PQ1Y/R0WI:4!XB6VS2YENX8HH)2V&NLAA!YJD?'/E=
M9/


ME?0G!J;:NH5N0.EJIV:(K_%W=Z0.VWEY/+VY[\7%K::4OEKJ[!8!Q2@L4J:Y
M*KEKU(K7#R+=I^_7Q+9H7'43[9+M9
5;X'(1KT4.8HS&VEO30)F;V-F1(20
M)VUO(+9INAG&5+3VS]-B(




*_IRZIA?\:GENN=D

V



`U

90


/V82
.@]H!:T6IPS!?;U3M5A
%2.EH5
MVVVM*V=3(8M62^:QI'84E8$850E;XP0M0YER-Y9TH41VS%*=



[MJHI0E5)S3%!!@3Q+6]AS.`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P
&?;/

M];_3@9S@
!@?'O!T+0-B#H8@B$$/;KO#8=%H/_780['K6]_\`AVZ_\\#

`(P!*ND#@WI5

O;UZ8A:@7HCRE2-:C5%`/2JTBH@9A
ME,I(,
LP`A`&`6MZWO6\#].`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P/I\93^


XK4Z;?A!E$B&

L6M&
M$FC!O8=Z[?T8&0X&/HY9%G&2/L-;Y+'UTOB[8P/4EBB-Y;E
DCK-*S7LB+.S
MZQ$J1NC2V24^






%K*
MQ



O



MAVJ]7T5IQ[ON!NU94O.*SL1ZMUSN/I1VDDM=!7JQ[KUB@'%FBZ8B/(-(_P!P


4YQP%7Q/B4@!R2@H8)3
MG3FB];Q*(U]=LDKEMK6/4U53/RHCMOM3!
X9Q^9Y.BEZ:4HWK4UT=-&]N+;C


M6OT871U1]0%@ZW3@\U7[.K]`-S\HY%MY6\?D%D1FO8G])U:((GN[BF4@@2



=:V
+PC)8*BBIS(Z3YOCQC$<2M
5.:]-M*
9PP



6JT`2<XDD(GIIE]M?<++&NNX.1[O(RZPKF`LW4D0W8
MVR=RH]].Y'/Q%4*Z5G[.77%P*YFR-T9A
M=8R%M
Q3F1F4_/@7[6<?=3JN*5\26*0MW




MLT*3+7%A?;+;I)#3RQA


_(*]XBX$2B(61R'LSBC&^1O%4#];UFU*]:G)L;F4
MM'R


MHJHL!$].



M@PNB-QH^=WMTR
^F4O28J1I@SWRCY9\:[^S#$









M'HVJ.;UAFDI9KHY%Q@_-^O3I0RSR0\A)M$00KIU_3U
ZO43Q?-WI&OF_*1[Y




8LVSO)J)2M)/

M:V)XFH!-*D
43MVX:.$-2QR7;&



M1H.4MR@L)0TURM;D3J65?R[A7(%QA$]EM=G\8+(IB+3BN*@FG(![H.VGF;
$

MHURDK=_Y--]`



M_P`J-^2.C7+]I7YE90YR/

GS%Q\^(G!6Y[64



GS%Q\^(G!6Y[64V]R#F3YBX^

7'SXB





7'SX








GS%Q\^(G!6Y[64V]R#F3YBX^?

M/
8(30%:EQ%UFO)6\XU+7!@#&T6FU7(X^Q<3Y8S

M[HCTZ9S7$E#WL(3S-:[VY%M\O&YNUJ^E75)^HG@'^+'D1\%V-4]=STJZI/U$



















[\3XV0

 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock'

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMultiemployerPlansTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ScheduleOfYearContributionsToPlanExceededMoreThanFivePercentOfTotalContributionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostNotYetRecognizedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentOfOperatingOtherCostAndExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessExitCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseOtherNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'

^B=57ZLK'<91E(?U

M;

=MV

@5^WPE/N%^<O%


MJE!0%8JJ0F%5**X*!5:AR!I39(TILL8466.*K#%%UI@B:TR1-:;(&E-DC2FR

MLJ8465.*KE%UI0B:T:1-:/(FE%DS2BR9A19,XJL&476C)K1I$UH\B:4V3-

TILA8460N*K`5%UH(B:T&1M:#(6E!D

O+G)E
M;'



#GB;:7$_T


M`P!02P

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````


M?0=NJCA`\F4C_-T8$`5S#H[_R\Q/'[YY^_?38?7G=)GWI^.ZLSO7K:;CYK3=




LI


9
M#YN?=N/^V+K^


M[G[4B$9`9W5S

MP(`BF-2NGM#5BUH#XJ@F=Q$C4W4Y9JB!\;U#[15D17']2(M@$AG=0-2MB?



?G$75L1=X6W





`4$L#!!0`!@`(````



L
MRBRNL2Q7Q]6F-/&B6AM39^EQ.!Q.CK/8YH







-!TIFE(M.O0PTW6DZ-I7DJ([$3^FZUC1M;\HR3UEOHX57_NK



MM\HLFS3Z!



-%*Q


ML[)Y[JYU

T?E`9Y#J
M(@$)[81%QS52E^VY]_UQURMTO3_&X6
*_?


*6R)*



M\98%0Z:U6[T
A5ZSG\.Y6=JWW+H!P4I$'75K5Z!]=O6R`*D%MUD&2)[C:C
MA4U

M@BD=()-TGOV



M6-WOG:`F9G
W&+1$[!(^1%
G[.H'S!=GD7Y_8R4BWZM#@):16

^1A*T;R_02DHA3D?0QU.W^V\





AW
MF.257JJV#]R%@YBD,A0GNG'_N*(M^027GP^I[[X]]_&Y]
VI1__/P&X_O_

M:&5E='



MIT&*)1*;*0-1=/XOGP-0]M8Y8L5O7.&2#*57Z9!)'QSXZF@.2%DJE(9TQ@%
M(40BH4%O!!$/O6(_@^^+US`3']S3M(R1&(4KU0:I`DE
M(`4%HC@V12;*M2M;(^_[K:MAIIRU78;(K#Q



.!GV








`4$L#

M=#$P

^GATP8!4PLIVF

/Y]Q[L;.Z?6YJ]$2%9+Q=8]_Q
*)MQG/6EFO\\\?]
MS0(CJ4B;DYJW=(U?J

HUKI3JEJXKLXHV1#J\HRU$

M!I1@=`'9B-V`T!74O.EHP07!9]50B['JO_=A$*?!$W%!DMB/WEZ#`ANQNT:$


MGAE2WYG

M$V=A2?4N6LVK-@;[KTSM_'^
Z*2)D63:%8

MA\[B'#9=

M1

?



6/1-U714T8/'`&=IP*U<\Z\S`.FW::L(`-1




.

`



MCC'M`4.EYOY.ZWH:ABK;L9*J0-2L@I&-D75\BWH:HEHWDSJ2S.(J&84EY
MY1N&J;R&0VPV/&.IR/8EJ[0AD:R@&O2K':]5RU9FU]55#[NZYM
E#50K'G!


DG(3`M)CE

MFF


Z.J_G


C2U`^D



DUJZH+(`%);!+'#C3$?_AIT'U#



5MN.FS`0


MW`.F];*@D($J.^*D7#D/P2*;.]YZV=?G#R4'85PC4;'#%TZ+;[0E4&QHDVK`


M/QQ.['=J79?E&:&P1(&A3&%J6)%\`Y_W'459`N$D8QL1L-NDA(AX;

%B:






M+PO;JIOLO
M._
PV]D]6VU^WO_ZROO+JM3XRUE@0X5QO[&/37%:N6^='5F:U










TU;!G



$.@G2J7
!!3(J;H^T#J3






MY]HZL3T






M=X!98+'8P[7;41*C;2NPW)WNMU]218EUT%BR^Z*3?/Y)59%%_I02/?[ZXWB8


O7I^EO
MT8/)TNG\^;$9H/_NR\\:?3^IWZO/OYWW+W_L3Z4=;3M/;@:^5-57)_W]Q2';

M/(O7:92.Z&4.8]


]HH0&7D@1ZT9)1;*@G6@I
MR5@O1DKL9R[?LB0V(+D0[+\TR76#HEK]#2U]1CF*%VEW06:6<E!!.O235/!

M=G!]$IQ8Q


SVOJ$6@BA!M`&

M72J

:/#.OE#P
M`W4#9L=&G/E^'B%+]$&WQ.V@&3^SJ:Z!^SCA&ZPF'T?L?+A@NY[IU/Q4%#GO

V4)L:-E
M'B'+]7/8$I20O?_OMB.__%M5

M0*K[O$M!$(



MXW;4I

V&N?/U(E_2Z

M`;0+1`F-%L1@0H/N

EB!;$8$*#O\N`$S!25COLL)Q[


%




+50
('!EZ3Y


+D\V/13@MB


%



M0H._RZY78+L#CN=5.'AH-[ZJ1!=:$(



M]U!5@2J
8;'B1`FB!3&8T.#OLN\5&#


M:$$




M?7.O\4;V87)'X17C(GK0S?NX\^X#^X;OQ_:M_
?V_+8_U9-#^6J;+F;N8F=X


M_P
&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M<R]S:&5E=#DU+GAM;(Q476_:,!1]G[3_8/F]<1((E`BHE&W2ILT3?MX-HZ3





F(1#
M2#:&S%]9!@E


:9


M)@INQ=:3K:`D[Q;5E1?X?NS5A#7(



MX

LQYT_P9H




ISW5@WKM9.ZF[QD?C:@/M
W@


$%``&



MPB4O/=%Q@G.]J:F]T/=CK\&T=0S#FK^%@Q4%S4C*LF-#6FE(.*FQ!/VBHIWH


P


(SR1+4G^NA&UY'013_G\4SBK3!%$N\VW!V0M`T

^C.@%8.



M&6Y&7$-X2?:DK@7*V%'-YPR&U;-J^,.7AUZT'I#`49WATOR#?.2M@+5I(M
MOIM`%W`S_


O



&QE_OBE/=L1W60^@.6?7M[72W+@\G
MH'@I]D7SLR4=CP[KY=?78UEE+WO0_8/-LG7'W?YAT1^*=576Y;:9`-U4#=36
M?#^]GP+3T\.F``4R[*



MCV`AP334ITPN2[8$LFZR59S.T__1[

MM0:M%.A^/+J`

4-)Z%0B91H3ZLC?ZL[G1))ZR+
MW^
QKQ3$5

ME#&2JBN%T4I]'H0+


M

M/#V[EXL%ATZV


DV
?.6[`$#IV`7
YR&N

)XGS?.*&0V?ED,ML85)+(NP+*EIP7)DTT7D#*L*JEM#$V0_$#+4],V]
M.=FF(PT@F1W@_(\Q#9L%G"203R\+`%Y4E=/#AXLN6[*7BJ5S2#U[.;=PWE
M)6?L74EA7.%S

M'
%#-/-90!9M


MV&4S=?'@X$&]

^%W?PULT?*[E[5$^4%R99LBVQ3;IL0V=N4(A

MZ
Q#BG_RP[JOVD64!_3E\4J#Y/NU\W


M'JW+-WD\2%:`LU4=78()@[-+[?*T?O&[4TWT%SCNU)X-HG:^C/J88KZ$TQ
P

8$DBBG%0%V[N5NM)JM9=G
M3D).4)




M?IV@ADTY1D=Q/.;[C!?[UTMVK5%)F9W3&NRO3OFM:K5=]F/47=+R\^OMW;ZX

GT^@]]?V2+=M[J;'X[Z2[XOBZHXUE-0-T-#
M79_7L_4
-.VVAQP\4&'WRNSX-/G`-C)83&:[;1.@?_/LK3+^[U6GXNVW
C]\

M4HYM#M]X5NTAHJ!FZB^5IGUQ!@/@7^^2J]*`B*1?F^M;?JA/3Y


!R74B`*[@BK[LF-A&&QG7Z`T]IH4(VD]
:VC&@IK8QL@4XFZNXS`R_OKD(]4%<#J/#ONZJ$
M;%?]M6U2C)1U4X/*C80G`*`M(`+)NA$A^W60E!&HW(LS!8$*N1A`]A8S4%
M.`4$!:0!6%;#K:G5+%)/_$PE1P\\I;A(34<2:NF[)8
=@;;L037&=3%O?#8


MD@#L*R&[OXU4IHL




MN6+/)B$@'L8


MI&;U5)_JPR0&(Q*(W9L$@+Y/
*/'-^E*'(0[B'`0:2)V`E4[?MQX;.+P('1/

_H

M#8GZB`
II/5'ME&N::B&K1:DC




MCM4YB=I!L(6$RY(69#O9



$%``&``@````A

M9H

MU2+%6M;2'3I22I28/I2--GQ=H^]]





`4$L#!!0`




94(DDP


8KQ.392HPHFRY7!D.Y%K`H`0[K5.Z3X6#=R[\5'+!YA+$




F+.[G&ZP

EUC$F(



B=_CY%$4_0!2QE1/9-7B%
M+A
D?&8

Z?[:T$C-)JT4
B@%J


7QG-2\6V9AUT_
ML9WS[_$ZMYDG0G0'Q!'91CKDYBU'2I2IR%00MIU_`#*E1=WH@WJ\V870.4T#
MNYU8GJ




?&X6W.


MB[\`\)&Q7G[@`JN7XOV_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`!U70Q&@&``#B



??#]AW


MZ7\O.__]\\\_/;TU[9=N5Y:]!QX.W=+?]?WQ

M\+'=!MVQ+?.U'E3O@S@


`





M3CZ@EZ6_\#T8WL'Z?'V.9DGR%'R%H!9&M+H@DHKLI
`(HE_%#`$`GZDA%ISZ

7`9M(V%.(KT/CH*4/*W)FA(BF


RH.1N
B-5*3;P%&=F!)-0!.%[
%_[%R-XMH`.=E


.Z/GJ%8^H
M-U;8J$XK'/WRSHIE9A0#LN(60@7NP
0U7(I'T*K*]B$@U7SQR+XA;)@_6:
M!6QDBE&5OU']8E)Q,-NBN$:6?WB^E[%YW



9+


MQ2T#`Y]'+#;.:='.97&CIA1#4MJ3(C&
CQ#`I+F+80)QTIT8E+7;;;
BOW
]YNJT/G[<L-




IV;V_I3,,%F__3SPA&L_[P[C'##LQQ<KDV%B
M-'%RI3(9'D83'RRR;NI]@YD636



E(ID4!5(AV52AFIE`F@



:

ML`8CDX3MGI4FD)_V/1MU`4-



MXUI7'V:$D.(UF84.!2X%'@4^!0$%(041!3$%04I!1D%.04%!24%




M4@`IS^0T.+O@3MI9E:Y`G_D7YV*:^^-OFS3?\IV[?37O?%+31RS;YI!-]:26

1L:F]2XH6
M\0#X@

B#/
;_)2E5+U5;ZN
Z+
M6GYY+WK(\
R'&C)7=NDB4:+&B=$G



M9$#RFM2Q
K(-


MS\_D.6':2



*$&4



M`H7R
W/


$%``&``@````A

3`U+GAM;)Q5
M76_:



AC+9
M`NRD?+#0^\)N07!X$7WGO!-H8*59-^8[_+PF?&J-E#M*21D\UH4SUNF*1@*
M-$'B9%#9@`#X18+;S@!#R)/[/_#U#E.LV!Z':4QP-&.:7/'+25&=*^-%+\]

1-F@L,IF/!:Q?@8P1FTM$&HTAVTO(==)#1FFD
M_Y.&#<HQU.ID8Y;$_07.N+4'^5ZT3F[.-[:#C9$F('Z_M38(FGJHZ4*2Q\Q<
M=TS2;):.)6^&YU?3^<DRWPK#XPET5]:'C^3#^_1^^3;H7/[9_6N/&3CJ-WP^
MV5FOPSRC/XPCD[5\5K]H/'OH6J8AO6-!I1N;=#)`:+^ET_W]8PW]PT/L#


$%``&``@````A``C;DU[K```MP``!D```!X


MWBG8^H?'K



ML(
66^\C2'S/!&_^1^NTW?2W!X]ZF\9)CLS[_^4I9V-13.
[43CL#XE-EX

-MT1')`ZMN_C2\8$T]2C8Y(]R-M;^C':#_
_NMC`;U
?
M=[98OBCI\ZX6Z10-]Y0^58OEFSK'O@CI\R*T;M()2E\4!AG#RT#?.)#B&B3Z

J5\*S_)/S4Z@LR2_75F^2&BI-\HOJX7+N-JU*DQ&GR;I1JN)D
M).)T:[





H$&N*NJ2E*I2DK4`L$86+NJH&B7J*A+3-#T5(G2]!6(-:(`




XU&`.:.1-!%V


M4Q3


N$0

$
M(P1C!!
$;@2BZ:-8
+_IBB8)05FV;1A?IZC8*$+!,XWRX1`RP])&$9N.G&

N[
XIW07N


M$$X8:+



31F*
)1RY'4XYF'
TY6GT
MU)`^U/*E\'?\$!]]


;1G*
%1TL-Z4&1+TF_



'14D-Z4N2KU.](2O1*5D\*/.W7Y*(93(I=

F1PU&+HS9''8ZZ'/4XZG
TX&C(T8BC



4J(5P226T
/JU1NL3J_;0Y#9



3\JE0EJZ3O0C)JW]1



M%B6&?M%88BL+.Y3
NR99!OAGPNY1\@&;C

M/E]8O4##'0DQ8=4!

M=DY0I0/9(XFN


%


M5&S7NF_Z\$G(NG'0[1P



M3!X

M6&T23;M2*U55MWT.P4`T28SB

S\^]X;Y\.^WAV`AQFX/KXY]\LG7G]Y+POG




O7`13!G!GQV7SDJ-+
MU\DNLA'E?PK$.E?*R:1S
@/VW?K$FSR'+)S?]N(K1FV`2=JDVW4MK@YT#3Q3


;-#$1L8V8!B8DL2&+
MT8L1P-0
`-




Y&=5(@:!6
MXRQ-Z3S'/6C@J1D


#__'B2G)(!FSJH+Q24
MS&

)-B<$X



2YX;6R45=N.FS`0?:_4?[!X
4E+:(-[B*`A2S`GK
M/



*V7)8



!6B!0'P







$%``&``@````A`/I+H-#%`P``


GNI[EI3[4

-^Y6L,D)=;[O6!OU;L8N8_7;$B5]^ZZORCZIE
MX#;D265@S_FS@GXKU1(<]FY./^D,_-D[)3ODYUK^Q2^_L^IXDI!NA&IP%;E
MVR




5EW&SG!3&)3EM8\N2;+X=IF3*
MF:$*2N1^50ILJYIXT0_$++&8XFY-#.5&?MI0.-QW]`5?T:7`MNZPI$7=2%F


MU*=ZZ]V%3K`3S_7=EM0`FKN#QP;%(&?J)*:83S5T\H..'ENOU6X`?6@6\HSJ



M_P
``/__`P!02P

M2UJ1?K^R?_V\O\ELBPO45ZBE/5[9SYC;M^N/'Y9'RAYX@[&P@*'G*[L18EBX

MAP[W0I


8O)Q<$CZJA%J;J$+KZ<C_.(F72



D&;-GHI.Y:/GM

ML&A
K(I^DZ27LNFBZ_#)5ICG1KR8QS/_0C^3+=?RY-)[7;8$&[)#X]R-QIQF
M/$ERHQW;:3Q


MSYG#F0_;D^V'UZ8V7FC/*];N3+*V38.V!2NK]K0S__OW:169!A_RMLQKUM*=
0$9!9JUXPNF@M4@`#Z-IA*M`1G)7\?O:U4.YYWI!FL_M%T


M%#Y(-





8?!#


^AE(0PB6P$.(O]5PSQ%.$J@AS%_JR&?V[+]47M'?DIO1?.GN/_*
M\_.E@9%FD`;


M9XMPPD#N';ALGG.T]+WL)AM1_D


ML\HRY43G_?_2#OE&DR=TV?HKF!A;7T+M7W?A)GB%ZF:=(B8%?&H%LQ6)4F`I


3)1DQD!BVS^$3(4VV0KAXP4\Y9ICM0

M*':XG(80DX1*24V%N4M5232;$;#8H#4-9T.QP^9T@)@D%IN;-R71;$;`8F.P

MC=_0/``J30]H1.P

M4I.W







``'0*```9````

!H
M(.J=D6:EU6HOSR8Q$'421[9INO]^RBY(8C/3/;
O0%RG3DZ=*FRO/KZTC??

MF/*`H9-K_Z14OPP69Y82^6,]ZR#R(&+EBIX%,=`]H+1RB2U31%81:TM.Y\

V#W?T;5T*+OE!S8`N0*'W-2^10!,FU55
M0P7:=D^PP]K_1)8%?U@LS(&_5NSBYS\]N2)7WX7=?6U[ABX#7W2'=AS_J2A
M7RJ]!

M)6]``'QZ;:U'`QRA+^;[4E?JM/;C;);F84P`[NV95(^UIO2]\BP5;_]#$+E2

M?U0JU*A)/FD6PP552.C/\X8DV6(5/(.IY16T1=#]T:0C=C=$-I!S5M,%@(0
M/*@&+US5,73U^_VXB=1)MLC(E?@=B/Q'A&'-J2XA^31`+'*B.TRWI:OP6L?



M`VT2

[^F1

P$``#T$@``&0```'AL




M'H7H'



Y
Y6M-US@2E=



M#

M]'Q(.GN$%


M\G$PIJ\

ZT
28@VO)X0#)Q



7WCU^Q06HMALZ.)20

M%4_9`LZ-PSC'2P]U;+P


`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0#W`](@&P

M;)16R6[;

MZM;=_Q;(MV!2]9MU_;OWX^W*2V)17I2M+P







M1AJ@2J_7H



M3!7S6
-7!(6;SG
`7'&NSB]Z_EV^2S9_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`





M/+.$
R
3:RT:L)@#V6!@Q`+OUI!%=67XW[?VU)5JTB0_GI$?+4KZI@W']S;Z



]J+Y\#?[


M[F/5H'KWT\MZAW?D.^8[V@JK)B48N_8












E4:LNC9(2EJE;.^FW6?]

]W06


;VM%UF'96!AN!+(A&UB;B
M/:]G]:W$011%;/W:88C^&[+1CYAL5@L;05RK;86I@T@'412Q)6IK&2\1C0@D





ZQ!4.H@TD$416R)S+%&9A



'[Z
\2C3SN,2X_XYC,L*AV=;TDPU$]8FV^X9'0+A?M0J2B1Y:+


M(%XZB.H1DH8D'IZS;?G
`V]D^)KWN9V#.UT*%VCVN4




@IE?
MI'GI8H9E-2:'.!SRC#^*[*7@98-)*GY.&^!?G_)+W64KLC'IBK1Z?KD\9**X



T
WG=5DF
M9V(30@=!!ETHH,6M*!*)WY/70DV*(S)700-%,35E

M_NW&2#!A

?$3?MCPZLT%O45'6
M_LD(;EN4
1G3F/K+%45'@_6X\?I5E$6M061ID5I#=)7S`X1][T]&`SM$EQ

MTL-3&N/]/-%.39Z:I:+A
43I[=)6S'9)W]-H#*B%+@G);JJ%*+V\MF*6)_8Z


HO(

M$$L=J1):I'%\X.F

MWC88`SIR0GH



M4MSGY[QY;9.Z3I&MOA]+7:7W9YCWBPC3K

ZQ






X@YP*Z3^+?M





M$?;[$)$TPH&
-Q.@*WN








M5;K6^\:#=+X![5]S[



GP``?CM%CJ
!%4G?UVX()\YWS7'M



'H`7I]3'&2QA



M'
I^OXJXJ(?(SK@U(LA%;J!X:F

M5@L4&6K:/=A6O6@DW0J@M.+2!JQ@=P61=';#&YFU;B6=VA[;J%@?F94D
M5]6UD31BPZ)?

M6X!1P#;2K2!NWU6.1R35V$!HS^.!C)D/M9)8?@?$(U*0B`44LFT!6SGLPNTJ
M-O33G@MW*AAT





MEP]@#_[U'=KF?P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`!PK+Z3F!```.!
``!D`



MB:WV'US4*404W$P0(Y4Y`
!OI\C4TH()._MWTNV;TX;-YQ-IG,_9!WGD7=


M
1@L\WM8E-@


8_'QC9N85L+
M?

AL6U;D'9M


C'1_'5#;PJG&X`GN



9


ST_;G=6@5OV
MR;EZ?9I^BQY






MUA[3XYUU9+ZR2Q8PP

EB,S60N6
MLP5PO*Q<;!`,(UF$GV89W7#-^8;R%_WQ1V1%MEB,U]6RN;!^YC92D]:M+&W


1
MJLB5R?&*')O%6
:3)P(2*
KR;
XD*T_`BK#)P)&HA8DA5UF00Y$*=.5SO$`H
J-54#UON(@*2W[4Y


M/\8=HS'T(:0$Y
R+PI-ZQY5`2H%H@1B

M9F@[N(GQ)C+K8ILV..NNG_
MFT58SAK6PI.N27(7?9IB28!XFR%)W
3XRPQ(

$(C3!7H9'O7VP'U'.[-'W9


M2GFOI86)P0A5Y$KT^)#@HY#;CEGZUG$O.HK@90T0(Q&*$^LU[ABS2!HDU2

J/]YI*:I&L


4]5&.X\+0/B/+V+EZPATF&\LS`8H7)8H?\B
M`J'`DPCD&5



MDIF($JP]H=]1@Q&R02EK$


#$:H

$)]OZG6IP.UGI^VA2=!OF0+)DF%

_3MAC3!7&.^_*@+39

MJ([N^E
HP?;=9+=.A824A$H):0D9`E$W64%OG__;P+_QBS/[S2*_:Q%OR@I/


.TA)RWTTZ'\`01


56*KB[P]V_W5RN
C*5=25O5\0*_


:[BD)E(][VG4EI2TM=$]-K3DN?

M:P)


7=6/AME



.?&)^E9Z8#YB5

$-80*\0S2\#[=Q





3


M\3G?
?;\]E74Z(4IS66SP&F48

)-T*UAA'HEA-#.C7%6_U@4W0:^@$4<_;]H9*
I_$T

M?+;0I\).07%\4OW8!?!=H8*59%N;'W+WA?%-92#M
1BROF;%VP/3%!H*--%@



RLM94W$2B`WO@*_IW\H3\6#!D'*^='*SM
FB9=





MQ%




MTHX=J')=JU*/_'A9E[J')7Z\*\NBD=('?CSX9FHTH0IZ^^6J
JQ4!7G5'I%F



MI[/Y\NTQD&&5NJK4'A%

MN7=E5P;5.E$0==G56EXB@N7/(U)`=JJ+^XY#7Q






MB8[S[


Z5_2)7'FDY7VK/[8DY
M-@%DIP9S%(2'6^!:&6
B@@G@$3$_)7'FDIH%07[XE!`753Z3O6*(R*K5

MR%+`JLW74C*A$[/!\IE$Z[/9\G6TM-I3PQUMUES$\B\N1'6PRO/=-BV?4N
M'O

T73V:2#*1@4=D92^RW[SY!)7
[==L0A##$]2&G`PS\(A
M\'?9K[?V&Z;N1ALYR&!O^.#KVJG1':F4(]$4C2HC$3&)'7A$EEDO][:;UC

5.I



MIXRT%&#6_

KSNO;T`3

VJ)F

H4W
N-!6&NF\*:%D(@./R!07V6U`OWMS94;
E$XT

MCK3T4?M8A:!J?!Y4ZN3%46]N!$^'\S/E_/1NX!&9^B+W+/%^4M2\RJTG!FN^

M(*Z#USCT_4DBA&LX9Z%EMB/6@RY;5(YGR9X$3PUD1^@)0BUM6=1F[A2$J\JF

DHP`GCYS9-F9%GEKB=[*)U#[



'2
QT\6@BR40&'I$)*I.];+!6UFS-'2`Q
M6-=E6Q1J($8!^-IYM=1
!$Q2!QZ1

M)1





M.IADNDYIC`+IH(_I0A(17



B:&S1(\)GI=E'-.#TQT\6CB203




MEOMI@&]@U8B+`O#!?IXG@*YT^GGU(`!Q!:EMD=6VUFKUAQ@]



?PT<!P+-]O=.<.#IG[/7;I&]CK2L?[U#TQ-#]5]X
MLXL2!9$?:IG]9B*X@',WM5TV1F:^EXV\2PIQ+[F0A`J^5W3:-N:




*S(NVV%FK^2(H0AX%&J?L4AD]B'+$6$C0H24$&6\ETVJ
M^9?AMS7W*$\

(K



M/VRWA^



M`(X@0V\+VCHWY(Q9T8+B-M(#]/BEUD9QAT?3
#L8X-48I#J6QO&2*2Y[&AAR



M\-UXW\K*M06=+:-%%L\2A)


%D*3`
?H.LL$7KCUR+!

CRW^






M*

MEDO;KZ=SLO^?)CF9E!9Q
Q'ZS$2B3]MZF2U]9K:U7^Z_EFG0YR_W3[-








):%)N0^6!8MW*@6.-5\

(:'S+M)A-C4ES.YC(J^&



M]\&R:!%4@P#WK%614`M]OP:W-6M&\+VHL(A8-E




?UX4\3S/AY$N

Q_7A1QW2B$

MH0.+37I8]9DB1AGR[444
9JBMQ=K$:
)'^PO115K$6-5@076+:I8BQBKJRP
M/E.Q%3&:D?FD%G8BAAKO[!RQT45:Q%C50$?3)F*K8BQJH`/YDS%5L1H0NZ#

MPY2-ANY51:%CEP$_S)F

M

M+40)_R\!E*_T%^9U\J2WY;0SSHP^6:J3S\S5M,3UNH-E&HMT\X2.\3JFUH
M1@:/:3N&`#K07=?0C(XHZ`T!=*#N[QN:T?&`
#`$IE
X$DR/#X:&963P%]B1
M(3`9X9ZQH?U


M8#J8!4/#
C(!).7($)B
\-;8T'ZF
S$$T(%13PW-Z
!E8V;:00:\


MM234EE!'0ET)]234E]!`0D
)C20TEM!$0E
)S20TE]!0DL)K22T9A/F#K

)#24TDM!8
M0A

M88EWW08]!RSQOMN@1WTE/G0;]#BOQ














M:X.3KIUZ?=V@
QI
VD%ZXWU.NV;J]5V;4V?G\6VJUZZ=8PS
A5F9=YVHU]?W
M?%%6''44ZH.B/1QUPHW-O[&_SNOAI'YXYT;[@\@Y'447;K0_BIS3832_N2`[

U4`]JJT_?[)
MF4[

M#A8ZQ


M[$9QW^@4

7VC4H.]!T-[#RK&

M`@FAA$A+&1D$K().02@FEA$I+:$QP$J!&D:DP)FVEV!GSN:VH;H&
[(P
M%4?30H?

'N9


MU!ZVQHIP9JZZ''^-L`Y7=5A:A^O;GSAMM'V


M\3X$@()H81(0BPAD9!*R3D$@H)I81*0BVA




(GGF_.5%NUX/%&2+%0XP/2`A)(+$D`220C)(


:%
MY4W/4-48GQ:-N/[7?M\ALB+%0XP/2`A)(+$D`220C)(#BD@):2U)#&%#LK


D@.*2`E
MI.JD+V^.JF_VU*ZV(EQG/I(KH(T=





Q=8*$,#PD@(22Q)`$




)3B07Q(``DA$22&))`4DD%R2`$I(54G
M77E37QT
1?&JK8CYQ!F*NV(;.\`9&P72SMS[EA6&7%:8C\6;6W1!YFF$=07$
M^)``$D(B2`Q)(DD@^20`E)*D@-:4RQDR'72Z\=M,3?W5ZO)Y.#F_[&,KE
M@27$@_B0`!)(D@
22`I)(/DD`)20BI(#6E
L;




22`I)(/DD`)2







/NZNYZW!AAIU=

M;S$6#C`
?.FV0HR%Y_&JQ3WB



M:4J3'2@G`4


P2$U`:
U&C319`?*
M2<#0E)F:SK=6@DU[8`?;K=6@3+4VSOUY8NW.M0$(TBS`.44$
WG:?R7S2L'

&R$`VLJY;+6RJ1W6ZM!$TUVH)P$#$TP

];GK
MGB-
MNXX[%=W)61G!NCI&]1R_#0HX;V%^6O%U4

)[P_`W!#J7BYD9\&QT^V
MU1\```#__P
&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$S,BYX;6R45LMNVS`0O!?H/PB\1R^_#<M!;%M@!8H

M48R]:HSZ`\E1V'\]D3)CE\XS;_1AH#;4=5@1UCCPKZD*L0+`X&J^^[OS@
M7DX*?*CD3W;\2NB^E%#N62D$EOF+RD1&3@*-'X\44P9JT``?'HU5:T!CN#G


MT63Z/DN@%74)IECB]8JSHP==`_\I6JQZ


VO`@]R<91N-,C(
M!4I@7;V0[M79NOAX[#F&M%5S-(^NT:[`@^T.R9N-


*[(QJ=#

[M)W-8NQLD)L3R'!X$$G-B*U'[?Q7%S[2Y\4[.]4)90K3
MZRZ1U
38PM2^?[TP?5HXV[I;?AAA5)
8]8]&?;GT6SV$Q)=3YW1F#ECB2U?H

&KVYTZA_`W-/B/?F.
M^9XVPJM(`92A/X.-E.O)2=](UG;3QXY)F'BZGR5

&8/-^HV:R?
MF=?_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`F*H:








MGC^JYB[T+\IM7EVL+E1+7SY]O55;

.^M_;

&_GAX^'




'=*F#GRD+5!=\/A8


M*KD&M4
.1X\WF[DK%?N5IIA`A)3[D'V[U1ZF=;R9R$N]C]FOU.S!7DGLJ'8?




?(X[WRFG%

=EC+/5#5I%!LY5H'62.


$2+5




D@.*2`EI(+4D`;20CI(;\3D


M+S=Q0Z'DA
3INHI]Q6UU9]/I=
R4IJNA2*W2/4D
22`I)(/DD`)20BI(#6D@

W+0-I903TJ8K+T[:Q]


?J75-NP
M$G.5*Q
S*
M&R<@6*Q\T96W;DXM*ID;NJ&
LH%L;7&3,516[&0,`\C;)6-/%V34M&F:
M:?#NM8F:KMJN(#$D@:20#))#D@)J2`UI(&TD`[20S:0K2U.5OS3EECN#M[
MQ%UL$V/E`A)#$D@*R2`YI(4D`I20QI(^D@O1%]/O[@JULTL@R\<4-6U7O
M$

M':0W\FKR]

MD!K20%I(!^F-F

MIJREK4V


M@1;RH:&UB;+['\I`B$D@*22#Y)`4D(J2`UI(VD@_20#61KB]N9ALOMOS$J
MZJOT-R[

B5KX/LS$F)$9-`4D@&R2$%
MI(14D!K20%I(!^F-F


22`I)(/DD`)20BI(#6D@+:2#]$;

G3DJ
F`220C)(#BD@):2U)`&TD(Z2'\0/=0=
M.HO)FMP/VT.\^F:BFQ=9SGAC,&098RENLZX#'6/G14J,F`220C)(#BD@):2


ML38Q=HY0A4!
`DDA&22'%)`24D%J2`-I(1VD-V)F$UZP#&?BE+



X5N!`
=Y$V=T0!0[$



M(\]&N0$O/QLU/ZW*
8:[DWKU;


D@.*2`EI(+4
MD`;20CI(;T0/;K[ZABP?_71#U

M7WG;\T
\'F5B[/3IM2:)$9-`4D@&R2$%I(14D!K20%I(!^F-F/2I!R`B^1*)



M:R1
U)2H*T@
22`I)(/DD`)20BI(#6D@+:2#]$9
OU-?DSN


0DDA620'%)`2D@%J2$-
MI(5TD-Z(R=HBF

MI1#$))`4DD%R2`$I(16DAC20%M)!^H

%?]0=JB-LW@53?

M+2].=PM/*X*
X2)E8B!8FQ@K99`8DD!22`;)(06DA%20&M)`6D@'Z8WH[O9A




MY


T/*V6

M!V(22`K)(#FD@)20E)#&D@+Z2]$3V^1?/5:B7.VALG0KT=2+VDYC#MT]?1
M3H3Z+HQO76F[N3NM^A'JZW
UJ3OT)%F;69L8.W?[J_K]'^F($9-`4D@&R2$%





M-1



MS^G)#J?WH%[NJ[]+
MU_

Q=G=#!04Q

M`2DA%:2&-)`6TD%Z(_IOH'[@O31W^;%[:4[$R_?2%K)T\OH9;@Q7?XS9/]^7



V





M='




^V


MHWK9O%X?/1W3/Q!;O*-W8LUG

MHZ$M/DFHOV[;TYE8DJCW342CV.QD


M(#$D@:20#))#BE9.[!@04YHQ?;L&Q%1&3
_.08\P$UZ7H]Z0\*9Z912;++GK
MKR^#J5&A)UR*@S8NQ(/XD``20B)(#$D@*22#Y)BE2;AXZFZB&U65E8(*8V0
MJ363):(U0BHC9#X:S$35::.'F/FNS5OR'=3U]'S/9^)




22!I)`

M0LE541HA]LP:BO6YQKM41L@'=4/!1!RI;?08
_-UJ47/_N3=E.9,3+.8V:M
M?+._%6=9W]]D#`$'XD(\B`\)($D@L20!)),D@.*5KIYFQ[,);5Q!62A$T

MGDN4Q-#&A7@0'Q)`0D@$B2$))(5DD!Q20%:0$K*&5)-+F8NWU:JLEFJZCET
M;EOI.6SBCN*@C0OQ(#XD@(20!)#$D@*R2`YI&BEF8;[[B)!2&F&]-Q'@I#*
M#.FYDT0/



X#)U0+
Y

CEC/:5EHN(0[$A7@0

MJ63

)Q-Q


MYHL9T

M@:20#))#BE9.3.YR591F2-_D+D


M@:20#))#BE;:M-OJJ\3$K74KQ)1FC&7/!R)FC9C*B!E-Y+GZ1H\P
C^2=;/3

2!N!`/XD



M!G$@+L2#^)``$D(B2`Q)(DD@^20`K*E)`UI()L=#%S*&M?9\Z_K('QFR1&





6!N!`/XD


MH[7WS@)U/^(QT`D=S%N&HDA(.ZI7!Y;=?EV2[)(_FD@!22(E)
2D@I*2/E
MI(*T(I6D-:DB;0PRAXLJ[UW#2E-&










W


M5SX'U:VS?/0


M4N@3A+F1?L8-/^A^[N8JA+$HTM




PGY#%@
D@


M=4=$O9R


MO$66U@I`IR585E4B?&LX)DWR

(4YRJ;WWU.
MH`_JQ.C'VS



M(#%1J`&=D[T4]\&+S70?0**8#Z5@6NJ8VX#HLH01_2!(DQ6*%'F+3.QRI2






72%DY(Z
&X

)^9+]61A





ME_F4






M&!^8$(67;
I$F0)60F[;TPCYRE


1\0QNB!.8)P

*/$H675!1(0P2==A*IEB6+
M(XHR.HYR0)6GYZ(J5.[R5J(84C?Y&D^-*%C=[MPA%O^I^Z3!M(7'6(C;%7:#

M2AYCRQ#*9.1:F=
7HG6%_H!8D4


C3
MO?8GI0$1YP(

#G'_7





HJ&

XC=JJ.80FPK*_)$:WV32U

KSIH&+3U

MK2[!P]'LZ6^Z`G_TP5INJJ?]^&?W_*MLMKL1RLUA1VICR_7KO1QJRB$65N
M(M7='@C`OT';J-:`C%0O^O_G9CWN5F&2+G@6)P3@P8




M(:6!&&()YRG*J'#O4U+$TUQZM$`\7%J7%50]A.AE?KU*`[$%944^+:_S*MS[


TH
MB?FYLB*#^*3KC*I#_DXO

MD*+A$#XBR7



MG

$4V`SDQ9C

0QK+R;Y/#_G`
M98)YW[@C)S-H

M&&J


MC*%PD[($GRP('Y&0LQ^CR56VH-&(W+1[2\[]0`9+RA.LK!A#']
_#=
^H+

Z_J.@


M970S+GAM;)2676_:
!2&[R?M/UBY;SY)@`BH2JINE39IFO9Q;1(GL9K$D6U*



`2
SU`&H1
M)/

MK+[K6X7-SL^/L&!?'Z?L
I826UAOT1HL(YF:5/GP-\;.SL^/L))KL)38PDK&







M83I9W.2\



MZ.H0WIFSQ!/8X*?DW[+[9KO#Y7PN_JJ28A7=PO1^GXW'SS]

MF)SD^3*;-SO_


M\E6B?3))+FZFRQQ`R'L@QSC+\V2ZN
GF=Z






Z
M9J]O4:LYFKG%
MVX=3O!;Z[GSX_1QI2&;SZ=6HA<*G8$QJ]ED$]A9*G6,.RH3TAS*;AU=+B7&

M3
EEIKD^:&D%WNZTPL2\W:30DXCTIO0NTQR+VJ2L2;96V^%HO)1EW]GZ]Y#V
U\4<<*DHI$8%4*__:`W?Y[-5OOD

MNG/Y0H6%?@03$Q-=`9SU8$DPEL_E


M!1XV*;U+YZ!+]E


WQHDZS5WU9HV;@
MN?5.9:=ZB:4D;*W1QFRVQYX;9!FZP


MZJU#S/`1.;@4.




M/E6'+#2[.+JZ(@D@*L1@5J+T:X*$$]BRL)?#!QM@?RA?MB+EJ-5A=5)G`3BL
M#S/_2T$I?U6;^%@?AZORFST4^O5HHAR#9BL_L;F6!][%H5SUUOGR%F5O;NPY


R7/`$@T]:%=Q($F%ZDJ%Z!_6JL*DG8V4.OJE;-)?X&XGM?*E(T


O-+Z01HI:CNC(5`62
M

?LU.^EO/
M=S8_?[*D6//9#\@#*T(#2



MRMAA`)_(@;#HXM5))5I(EZ?T.9=30V6Q;^*70YV3(;H`9]O*5J%*O9S6C1A!
M
WSB(MF]U2OW4:1Y2&@/ET1:
+S9'V(O(%!^
YJU7?R5X+$K4V)KLULB+CAN




M?_S3

W#R&J*:X



M

V

M\RLLH=E`1!1U


)*A%V_$IU#%V


M



MTB\

V
WCT^_\[^UX;
IRE16IWX=
MRF(@@49_IA'DX=(&&TQ\5?@BCA(FW&'&
$%E3%&(8:L`&17*&R3PK0`6(5

M

M'F+&J`Q%&.PFT6OO

L3J$-0N'YL6`YTZ0$5?N](`H:NQ*K






2Z1_K
S
\L!B#\K8A0#<Z0:=8#(I;D



MT0X%AE):82I[9A23'S0PW5S/:08;N:-_O1G(`D*A@*?)^XWS#2(CX['.Q4B^


2AG*M)PTY;S



77)B.6\3]B^MY8[%:F;TLG7Z

B$MM&X$K1AOPNG6&8


M$1%
M2<YJQS!Y1FA-OH^E9:L6EJD6$=/DQHP*0MN+2GA+YEW<)3WGH32HC$
?LQ\



\$B+

A
R#UWBX2!^)B%^0C*J089MM61HCTC51GBJ\`P0#+(1+-$XL


[%@&STQJ^!/O5+%O
M@U



DF
$K%UQ`018H0L56LLF!
MWBR%@#TU'&Y


M?H
$OEMT9=M@4R!N&^OW/!2QQ/9S13!4-G9J83GTTP##/.@[R.05T9QZ6-IM

M+CB-[J8SF0=*R%

SSK0(@HPNWIA6QDG)EXON+7M
M8X0XCEFUR#@L?Q[5TK9QNH7C*HIMU6:_@W]23LH::[RNL.\_RPZ'395R*N99
M%;-(



M4TY(3S(B^D

V4]?!.95E1I!
M!
H0!]9T#
8*1:@7

9'A%.Y#
M6T


M'1:7$:


`R:Z
]L\
MP`@0_-.



U?FH6'=[V1G]4;(2I8^)15_#*RRX*/QG(]U)=
M'JO7J`-T2$:9A4BE.NAR4X]A[CVYQUAX9HRN^JI`B

7'

MPN8$KK5^M+.;.69V8H@4NA;FBB6KE9@GSVND^V-!NCR0+H:=Y(*J^BUDS45=








8

Z'K8VP]4.9)3U#EO[9=1+

3.7L(B&6[?


0BB7%_UQ9A;$K2PO+Q\W^3I^0

M=E6+1Z

RYOW\Z2CP4:O;KJ[606`.
MA/E'M%K?ZR%4U[F1S:[7FC]PQ]/GKF_]F!E!_
=,U@,,*S''YL=.)/&&)+M
M5+V)*[0L);Z@\WRGG&#'@^F%FVR\[9?3:Z=1KWW^],)









MIC&8*-@UBLT@+JSUNAO)L5I+A$+I)T:UMK^[DZ4QOIEV]I#2;S\*-1E2IY

`N
MWNE&?+?[;F3QC2Z:7.-CND7KK\GYL_J:F.GI0BIG@@WH_J6GA$ORH_$4\N




8LT0&#U


G'J]4;-\7_X2;_\J1+W21$*=9;N-A



O$0

M+-X#C(P`^(L5VU
)4S'/O%
2(CG:XZ%_N!G'KWT




U





@!DZMS66ND\7$NE

+GS\!



(+B!LUXD]W_/L+06!5S(BZ$


5KP`7IYYA








-0ZJ
^4)`J]H83C.7EW[3

M#NO]E[V76YO-/M8YB[O=3I?Z#




MJM4BJ;R
WZV[LBA'U36*`


TJM;F7$:E#1+]$'=NO/E1'!



M/)U


M]B


[Q^=

M3XM7=DK!G?&F6:GO93[PV





M-%:D)F03FZM
?5IYQ\))%%]GCN!MN[/^:

N!L:=?J&I5I%N&H=.LD%$ET@XS?U1OUZ`.SM-D=J^HYV%2^3_$?7$@
M$^:8@E0%49SB-HH*X?V.]1`A:QF2ITUFUUZ2(\=J4EG:ZD
&D+T_K$+9T95



MY0




M8?G2:&T@J`Q='%7P;_J?:'IT?S5KHSQS&ZR@QL23&F-XLM%-4,4D?V5)O.

VJ/

-JQ[W2



+Q





M]UJ8]7;+#E[?[;W8;/P:&
P^1
U7`\.5#%]H
;O=BZ$RLZ

ML%'M*N)FF4I+:ZQO]?=[VR\Z*I`0S_U^RTPX6*'7O

P#'I\_A13^1'(Y`ERQOAEK/!9WU*C3G2PIC@3H19H



WTT)6$

M_C`2S\*CS)/

M^8F5%RS.TP(&U8'MK_A$4U6-1JPBBJA5$UI618O


?KFJ6LF=@-*Q*..L5_3Y0O)S





<BGUO&N=<(X+#/GKW4:SJG'/ND-^-QB6GQACNH08
!0!%
M_6(H-8

L5/[!C\W2-2:$:1`7.%





&=E?Y!B::7XB:TW72-U_HJ%7




MTC!(NM^!)&L'M[9*&0^D+C,YB\GRB@A&V$1/V*\8JB=!_YF_B0PD\)M5L4L
M^V3XJS#J;5@5175J*PL(].Z

^N3B^L=075NZ*+MR6?ZO`
M
SQ3;HM9MI:Z7(M;1[5%E)(,7-+ZQ1CGPH:'#8]YH&6EUL9O%@OA3@V3

21

@!-FG

MIXL*V=D7?.E^/1PAYHBAQHS-SY4M8FUNLQL[E@IH(8\S



MEV(KN4*B^[

LY6S/FAQGG)%+3HUMD(-TQ4
G.V


MK!Z#9O%EEQAPSN
[
Y\.[9V%P;
=E:X/NQ9B




=*

%H^V#MX/7VZ^.ZJ<8B_U=

8@8U
4KY3L

M(;O?'S6)H9)Q0P
Q$FGD@WE5E&O;P63=LZ\CE

M?KH*6DU%TVC1J,.D/XO)=]F/;=$6T[:O):,9$V7MK;0CP!_=W7Z_'?E.

MM&'R
;
MD?4YGQG3AX#96@ED%\P)F7GJ3JF#EERR/*JM.-4)2_VSO_HO`!:
CB2LP1

`'4BQY@.

IXFRLIZ68T@L^&KBW-









=<H%_EERUZY#




S5J#W_2I1
^&&R\+(TT7+TJ1GV5Z6G^/&F(4UZO#?VNE%NI[




`VX[

M
J\'[4D#Y14\6UK


MS-]V33B%@D^(]UVIYA*

MQ
3








6-AERW:K=)0SF^`.7;52''*AH-ZS%
M'-GTI:(*,%\ENK22HWKE@LSXT0D-CCO#N;B`:XT^X@/^6:3F_N$U4:WAZI3
F\!S8<.4W\;B=
M6F`.F=C$5&S!(?]-:!)?Z+0'/($T8/


_D*OF?.$C9-4Y/_U4W\
.^-
FO8;LBLV8DQ_'\#_TWV6M&4




DH!W6/Z3WEKR4^'P_=X2N1*RV_:;1ID
M


MTE@H&V9OV1;P1L)0%!B_

O'


4



MEZ.%FYX6



M=^ZCO-N0U

MZ(YMD9!A&%Y7N7Y1)>C#KX0;2:@&03'$&HFE2R.QQ,8L>V@,AI-5NTGH\E.
M\=^81RWU\BAD3FGT/9E-U=^)(7JVEF5T]7*H[7B%91^.=R@V61_M]N;!N]UW
M/U9:_M@
M+NXCJL$JET

^3/
?GY]YHIF


(6W+.?

M5NCA&EB_5`_3A0N*Y'Z@6=V686R)
[QB]-C^@GC`C'=M!CA@!G+AY93(CG[N



^_J]T0SKZ[!=D'GM:4=R@-T?`:E



M2S3B#L_



3B$Y6


V



MHI$
:(N$K6JCLFI(&^P^_JW;S$V\1-RNG:26'%DG*V'-O%FO95B330E_FT

#F
R`0A3B\&8P65RP7CNK5SUUG7[&Z<NX
M$;@`YHHL)2THQ'7`)_T%AT



M(Z/^??.3W42H?T:;



I*<&L`=P(T,+E2+@EQ.BRP)PQ
)


M;:B9+Q:((-B(\RV`+^@:%B@)I.2N
L


X3^J_J\M;K1!Y^NI2[`5.MI3,/O7A0]GQ@5]6@U&I%
%9043_P!


M)CE
@TUOH2&N\8J;JFH/01SRA=+#UU\






M_PI=%C]9&P)%AC)/TG.]RG-L`%=I1

N2!%(R.[
X4P



M)?)JWL#C8%XI5=;OB7U!*-?C-`Y`'?#3G0U60?[F=?4TNR]6$;]HXFX7I'[
M/OA$#`E#W_EI\K;S;I0KL\6JS2E0U]!P;;5WK

MV_&0=(C_T$X3[()N:PE;A%ID^DR7L!HKVM
^5)_?R.1IY07*.G7E_=&B@ZZN

M=(3=OVX/WNP='C;?Y

.J=H/(@]





TZ)CR(*7VRVOSF\L-Q6+YY8YDQZT6Z7Q][#M

VLVNI;?2U;![YI-IR
Y2WPQ




@751*C\A'EZ0P(X=S-_BB2`$+1*6
S8ZC\UNK?3(B;
M

'P$GIZ
?CF^`(7=GE4(R=!5=BR_1??KDKM?7RX^UZ\X:_-[

M\$!U%*OEY[9'

S:L['U99C=^`H
MD-!P(14UD&[YHLT(+:YLH$PH\(Y-G*Y:-+C]5O[Q!+/(D/?%%YQI?EOD!A&C


[9!3^EBQB9)7*R*U#(B0IT^L1&C
T'J5EC%5EYUR,
M8H8/.2;V(M^+Q+-O*A3!H$30$A5IG`:*0TM^Q'96NWY

%&`*;4][=7*=


0;[7._E&.#
:U^[#GJVSBB5`6MDQ;D&5&==D8*J%!?,,R;G742+W\_5MCC-
MQ_]%2/BETJ3L^N&A;`%5)ZU%F541/'/B..X_@2?7ZN6-UW(]HG3<5!
MS$V.)BOR++80]J$*Y&4FED*G^EKN2W:??T'F=DHFNELK\P7TI)8I!P)(




MY4SHI6@[T\?Y$RG

&SOIS(0;HORC'W,S/?5^%@
3X^9&KL.D&H3G)Z5__T/T6K

+ZT=P]R
..KZY;WQSX6-RGKK]$:F4[LGYX.%%%3FHH
MU@_4E(5+X_7/6L;CPS4)=#T+V4ZH57_V&DRK?]O[@)(2;87ZX:N$@/63U+JP


MCO^NOX^_B^W&?]?O;('2





`HB^








M]XB;9@;FA!POTGX^
I
&(T]*I8=079-N?7TB?[Q_*?0H[CCY2N
^A&%`CSSR





4YE3;)][ZW(*
=D7XN

C$62DX42]






&=


M+FFZ`#NX@&&050



F)IC-RL

]J%Y

U#
MK;^PH072=LZ@Z4SI+I9PC5-ZTB4<U!Q34.$4^ZG!T(VOR=BA*1Y0562`E:X

M:`^NP@`FJD
*/23$


MO$$1
0HWWTQY^!/L-1;1`7=2/_2`+5A\EJS00J%E]T^&`I9(V)+M);`;(]S(
#W.FQW_^6^6BB!6/2F&AQ<J;IH0@3
DUNZ@@OT:$&-N3J
0T+1*?
M+(4%?SOQ'=A0MQ:'YIP-W^\3LJ/QN+MDO1LR'

MBFLR=6WW8H?!)V'Z0PZ-FI(0\F[5:BPX


MB(\Q#[;T?@7ZB
=G?K*N-:VZ=FC'L&`!R)(PK?F;.-

J

'C5Y-O4-NEAO6(R@IF(H^=+:5KPF$#NK.%R;.*J*VVH?E

&(BIX6A?[S





[GR





%X\-):Z]TFS]


Q1=:V
YXV70)JP?5

;P!3J^W7\+
OZ!9H0YC]RG$(]_5M1YQWJ6($
X2F




MMUX\'BP]#U='I)^7;@++$71.-_#;'G;W1









M)^R]VGV^=U2_##-0O`@F%CS?$5N\LI74O(0Q[O&C
3.`\J8ZL#'L2WK&@8W\

0<%$:@22.\'!(QCTMBB<O20Q2
Y;\.Y)T.



M#D\0SS79`*GM!V6JB$0X_`EN`I?`;W4'EJBHB'R1
DC;



M(Q%I]&2IOU4JB-EBHBY[-;2^23HC'`7=BW(78U16&R(X&-T$9RB#H*N:7#--
M@
$I'$%`0%!0E)4)FF[B6K+13Z[-M_BX



=;0LBBCN11:RT@B9*.K#*5
M3&PDE<XMHDOT,QEO?&[;QG8VO_,A,'(<^.?@@XX8XDDH12$/TK`O9Y-UL(*^
M+:30<3L;58`A`@-)5)P5@FLI/N#E*IB=3_^3\O)EE#G\YDNYK.O.T./;C].

MKKE&XF(Z5J5S
!27R26LAQS7`K3Z.BK)A89`/@F5U!3=&+/U]-Q3*K


M$7NV9$+:[D_))!



@35UO8W`KB4@4%J'S!\&+E;T\I/D%Z[H]
M@9Q@2=3NW`T^!Z$(RK$M:Q!$5DQGXTAC'`&+N/`LB1:XEX9_Q.:D5H;&5



M'H00
=$Q&+BQM41C+3J3O*-WZ1W`XUEQ.%G6L2YY7%S-7MG'1\L@T*VGQ(


)PXQ?

M];R'W6F:+;[L

H^&.:[(EZI=O9CQ





3N3PF%Y_$:F10X
8&

2[S[O8`<S]MT0U@$
M..OH+LI:]$H7JA30!T\X`W5&^*H5M<P#@X57O+YUJ'RX
+:3YB
MJZ7%HY5
M(.6=^YZEE_DIFS@-GQ6=_]^3AN=;

M[91$-7*(TKAB/


RD


)%IX.
MQ[1+


M!K%Y\N

MI5SLWTZ(@O*EW[/CSR*ZQ[W\=O1R^J
=NR;SU-'XW9]57&_K.Y?R:V8CPQ'F

'7=&7X/+[_E8JR

MJ@7[OR.5Y;?VLZ:G/0?_`WA)X_HMK


W8O;%-22J+Z
G
0DKF;JL$\[S'
MK^,HK\^ZD2^7IYBASD6\8S$


MEA

&.L%)L\=:]())%03RHMO6N

'_CTT/#=XWTO0IK(
M9V_TFL

E[O8V@)R29Y#;3WZ5/U*KSM7WIJ


M`.-X96OIT6K/X^6E[8W&_=^=CE1:RXT+Q-=
M\K]/UOK/6-O4N*^U?:065E?

.X6

@\(+^7WSH





MS*O+7`02E:1?@LH1]6!/]ULF*!HTUU3H.E?R1Q7N(3I6[*:!T2K'?K5GM$OI
@6N5%M1=)]5:$N83A(P\IL3*0#A\8\&?XC[I




MHO18#G@V*3P;KS4FQ3[K1?R
U]M?Z*F'J2[ML)[\%6H8+$.^
N@%&4B*`W%9


M5`%EV^@9YXPR*LV(!8F]YR?9[='(RF(`\''GU3$)`

9#LF
N`SK


1
^]&WR.SV:=C9SA94*\$M_N9.7C&0L1WO(VP(J)3
M#`9?C-GJ
0FG_Y0

C

;3;C(T

41S:MSF6B




H[`8'9:=[;ZO?'J)G[+




M+T4.;UJ


KVTM;/;WZ5RC'Z;UT81/.U1S^6`QM




MS^NH[F9VG4UOFA%7V!FUGFNMHKFR+B'9`&


M$ZRL(8`W&G316LQTO
8]$F-!8!]QE9/O'W@:P






MAHL!#M=LUKR&F&YV@L[GN#H^+?#W

9'T


M:]?/1K^S)9UK+6$T9.DO-&2]4;+A^Z?Y3X:QWSW;^M5*NQMP1ILG.M![6[
M;UDNX+P7%Z0$XJO^

M[?7DA&%P&MRJ7/4WCRE5BVFO

M
H)R;&$P2&21T!1YLM`O?M1\-C'E:`W/L'(Z/+8H;5N;:U*LVYN3^^2TI_\
MI5AB2'!!2L?D+PUNH+8L/O3.5RKMX#:+433L'



M]+_RJU
B84

MR
N!TMX&\B:IBQ8%EKEAIOL5EGMC'0-6PX%6-S+
@8?!4+]9*Z_FT;E^0[)X

M:8&?
\%B%28TJ?L4FPIY*VBTT(M1O5JTWH`XZ@9$RK%EGAJ2A3W8U]#)C*^]


'YZZN0I$!TV[4*=6:BY.MS


%D?$\87.4


`.MI475)T=(48C!-1*.#:.GB1B=



M*:XEX

SC0?(1T+-?(%Q









'MV:4L7

MFRC'O-C4A
JQ*K




1&0V:K=PRK[)[3J
M]PD02NB:%HYZTIZ)XS1FJ#S7]50MK8LKK,X-R:*<Y;9K(8CUTN




M\U_[PDMV(8^[\2^#VM_M[LLS=9H`IXLD@1&!DAF&:KN1Q^LX.BOI*545S&B
MS-=#J


3]8!#V\










[\AX-=FX=

(+#-


:%OZ!V6;SHV5Y
B




M2/:[4:
S[A\^

0(X)N+7!\!:2J:K.%KCG

O&


YK[]O5M9Y&H=J:.[@:7@DXD=JIM%UMO



OXV/$1

MU.!^!T+A:GX/XQ(*VAIZUC^T'EC5[(.CR

MW;5O;_#&--Y


M&_`
Q[YD01*;23$


M6%1PGFB:FZ*-




%#U<N@SKJ5)









M



M%Q3TDM&CV/YNL]?4P2_FW;A!%/4%4RI2/=2OG1VV4-KDSFKWU1[++TQQHNZ6


O==RU]7\Z!=]_K7[(XETP-V=?'FXBR9&-`1N&_;IKA0A3L

MYS\B+]QG7@.U7.@7.XJ(BSU4WJ8D;7.CBEQSRAD*%5OG*4'3JA'K]1S&][Q4

MX-(PR/T397AQD&?$

M\R\&6&D*Q


0NY



MSKN-'



2I.)0K35F7%:]@!#YK1]+&Y`E

V$A6X`(!GUF$9:1A*Y%.
M.-^W4==
$JSU1E1<A;/_Q.<$8G3;?:T'0@&?AUZQX?&ISQ)$QN3
MFXQ.=5.)NM]`BCI=!A7GSQL/*5S[L8F*%8DQKU45T6ICHD92K.3M438SKD



M0ZQ6+:LX.DAJ
?\
VY/05;^C=







MO6_T

@?Q9A5H/#N(4
M&A*]8V2&5[%




M
&$.KK%2)X1UFHU)8L=Y'K/GBXYDLK
2WD(HV


?!H%[-7WR]4



M

:$F.:22)S!QZG^D9(S78TP5[








F\JJJ(7R:`Y








EVK
M


]UU/
M3DTND=E$-II6S:0$9VJEQD\*'00#?P`#Q.'@:96Y3ULTFBT0E$A$:%RJUAP
M(H14,*^4.OL_N26_U;%XR

MRX[C'00#;*&\3






@4F9)Z
\]`PV]U.D*J?I=QU


E1B$W67_:2_%X6C+4[W[8[5


M!#SSJ)#H



MNKOWXSE

M=$FA+YN_LT62S`S%7C*ZJK`*Y2=J'.\Q*.V/LP=L9H\X1AO-!TG8=A$2*%


_.
M*_-P84;'I9$H2@7@X[6:0/(6-?NY/`C,Q^DW$477J?4Z0]J/Z;_$.F\2;L


MN[G]^]42TK&(?/DX!ZKGK__CJ1AOE@QU5`(HD/1%WAY!J\MS*L`CJ)F6M#Q=
M_6+L'OF*PN




RM3Y


MKYWTU)+$_[Y]D^(9RV4D4\[N-O06=2Y45+(U\D&ZPY6Y=5^EN&I/P;\B'!^Q


ME.X:LXM`

J!V1;&`)9B$7A^0T=0;^8#J?Y$+4CV

MV^AO5.'T$V62GK]?GJ_?X:NY:%I('X




$X^BU/1UFG



M5+;

K@)9F8-DP*JL99F

TYYLA:;]@









MGO=\XK/RNJ9WM*%]
6!DR@SA:A6L4*[HS?

X@6\
MW@61J#Y@.'[Y25C^`+A6W^[6EW\_7\````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`





ROP]F;L








5%N5(%!D58)`D559

J

MP1/`)S*7$#Q#AHS%CJ.HC.0

1G)8(RDC-$901GKPJN3)/;X`!7O[PVL&$L
MQ^-DAC*IYD@`5[A

M;#FA0LJ6

\Q-N'B;;SL+I



ME!S+'J6L2[_`OT%*@TN_)ZF9Y%MP]$+-\*8!P$DLZU*LJA1#S`Z15J@`WC2H




MUSI)G=2MFH!6=GJR?$J6CF`

M$:V2LQ%!ZYC_E9OQH_)6=VL%@:
BU1@PQE1C0'NG&+H'5(L;2HIY*+D91&'O


:)FM5ND1-;1XM8S(@]6*O
MD^AE











MPGV^Y*F)_#


+W%MHE6WH_A!6J4%G0D76GEW11NC5%:L#'5E1:P3U(=UG-QXH
MV9D6K.%26OB
QI)@0M%%L%%:15V!
T1








M96UE



M_-)UZ8+Q=
WP%
$H9UKKUUM7=G+Z!L#4



AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;+85O`'RC
MFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D@GV(XBZ.1H)BS0!O$ER8
ML4.^7!K2O)#T!4U4V_LPP9`1WJOGG__ZOE3].KYD^.'SXX?_G3\Z-'QPQ\M





GD!:+=FD$?IF7Z0RN=FRS=Q=U

Q*A!\2YICQ.IXI')61'.*(%0U^$ZNP3
C!7/A%7$\J\'1`

9&R;

M+&(_D%

MW(G?P9Q-
#%5!DJZ4ZDC&O]=V684ZK;E\*YLM[UMV

\S21
M0*:D`XD2+N&\:(9+:6L\]/[*GC8;^AQB*X?$:H^/[?Z'LZ.&SD9(U5@SK09
MHW5-X*S
UJ^D1$&WUV%6TT*=F5O-B&:*HL
B_[J&:<E
7*DB):#QL


ML%

MXJNBLPLCVG;V-2VE?*:(&(3C(S1B
W&`P?TZ5$&?
95PXV$J@GZ!ZSEM;3/E



M

M[GQL



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$T,2YX;6R45MN.FS`0
M?:_4?T\+]<02)1DM0%M6ZF5JJJ79P=






*V+B`=D9X1
MTD')FXT67!`\J`8O3-4A=/7M?IQ%RB1=9+#0!6S?@.B(=(H(/1V232'QQ0JM

FN3Y




3



O

.1
U;?Q^X@^)1#`5LC;A-
F$S4I



B:&3
5)=*4.I+KL.N:*Z/!JJ2S;1I0B2



#)U.

M#RX?E&&
;N4




LT


M:4!:6=1:\O:.7
\?L7E$G@@+@@'H@/$H$(!%(#)*`I`92`Y2=)*/IWH.MED2TBIE!1C
M9IODRJN&E$9-







MD``D!(E`8I`$)`7)0'*0HI/N]



M@D0@


_E^Y)
M*V4479_!ETD7#=

M@3@@+H@'XH
$(%(!!*#)`I2`:2@Q0@)4@%4H
T(*TL:@UI5^NRO;@AVE0?
M[
6[*+F6T-Z&!?$`_%!`I`0)`*)01*0%0#R4$*D!*D`JE!&I!6%K66US6M
M#&Q:L;
JTB);=E%R#:%K!3$NB`?B@P0@(4@$$H







7[
EHZ*&^








M;=

_B85^+/UUN4F?]GW?S6O


M#$KR1^NS1Q!Y-`:F4M$+3\8)NW.0H!U%D1BU`!!$_G0)$Q37I\5?BQ),B)C
M3L1MX8I!!J&(/W&)(%(6$F`4)B8%^Z(0@ZR+`D&$`@DPN(-0]KW]J(08#[[
M=#;6)H\85.
NR](PO+2DU&N%%,0Z'1*Q4T0,8A3BB:)YA-+!)%JD`K1@3.
MI7.P*R)'6251*


M(1EYO*D.HNCC

&*J#.NB-
%E2
M'N
=%Q$'531(A%=#
U6+.NB+5!W3TB)BGNKI&#FY7)+19N)T-(-U%
=T6K`U
MW6HCXJ2*%XEP&@/FZB`.^J1-'.*FB@:)
!JQYJ^WQ9%H;B#I[+*MD
(.#E?=&-,Q&<ML]M)A)MM



MVX7[Y_?3:.(Z7*`F1Q5M\
)]P]R]7W[^--]3]LQ+C(4##`U?N*40[

0@;3=8;A8N`_A;!U&KK^<
M*X/^$KSGQF^'EW3_A9'\.VDPN`UUDA784/HLH=]RN03!_B#Z257@)W-R7*!=
M)7[1_5=
8MD#X8S8#YFIG5TN5Y*%7*4)`^217%!%ASJ\[(,
MTRB<^R]@:G8`K31HZCHGD(U8'Q&R%JO$PFI]T7&4
3S]A\UR2!;4S2USUN=
M@=B(]1`1!QW$T@CF?5RC#%JX=Z8E:11U!RAS5QJD^TJZO386+`G`8TIXWQX)




LPQ5RQWPC/7]/4*J:BK)3J@3!GZ



M=0:67
VS*_*E@#8PC=TLZ0]'$[*##-D1-+\#.B

MD[;7@!GZ6?32^-S&E2K
]5+5S?K?0;NBEGKW#W^P&3!9V(3A??'^M?C[EAVX

V_4KT6M4$5


M

M*:4AX23'$LXO
EJ)AJV(KZ$K


*$2@TFYQDJ[L![38H
AV
MUTN=H#^4'$3GMR4R=OC
:?*-E@2R#752%=@R]JR@7Q/U%SB[)]Y/N@(_N)60
M%.]S^9
=OAZRR24.X(5&+Y.V1B!@RC2.'RBFF.5P`/BTJJN!F0$O^KO
M`TUDMK(GH1/,O`DN+4E0CY116E;\5Y(5OPU(%13&1*_)H'OF@3YCA\%*`@O

KG03EI5T`+*
?+&H51
MM'1?((=Q#=H8T-RV6I#?(EQ0;X\`LL


W*IP1W'6!F$4C;E1](YI[BFJ

P\J.VU



@6:5?YELF8?W1/S-8=PDL&YX#X)0QV3RH1:U=H-?_````__\#`%!+


M970Q

P$'P_Z?Z#Y?=B2`B0**1J5?7NI#OI=+J/9P=
L(HQ

S.[K*LKY]$@QZ9TERV.8Z$/6%K+D[2['?W[?


MP0LEM:Q






M&6RI
`!P):5Y.=@-WW]Y-_\!``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#;G@J2]`
`


M^?./U9G7S^+(F'2`H11K]RAEM?1]D1Q9$0N/5ZR$7_:\+F()E_7!%U7-XK1Q


3GO^LL_9:5





MU0R&)!R8VFETO1D0;*9G-I]9S:`P73
$7C`Q`9$)&


M;1$?Z
4Y



L$?O500``)



W#G(.@TYH6S






M/@

MU:U!:++KUDCS3
BA^^GDMQ\S*3:)C7]-4(/$463$DZ(5]X/%OF'.B#ED8PD2
M9@:=]7YHI3:IC?)


MNC4P^D-&[GUO]
)QY3/
.%PHLU&_B7*YMO$]AWEC-[^T`O1Q
4\KA9C#
2A
M-9Z-\.A0\_;`4UY5G56(9WGN83`QAU4\DR7R3*9.58
!CD2G_








$K?]PS/$M&MNF-P9BB0;7;WH%E


#W+O0/+\LRVW/;1]5+%2Z[O8\=W@VG3




P8ZRB](V

\X/:S]B9JTU)A.W




M_@T``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`



M4(=HJPS^^W]\L
#*6M@5M5
LS_





H4_]_T$4ML[P
N55@<$30-WFHZZ%HR6P'S*S.L8<OU3JIC([ES+#T79&&@/(_K:):&


M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#RBG





7FMH-/]V&\);;!F6\BT<HB@X99F@^X:U
MVI)(5A
-^E7%.W5B:^A;Z!HB'_;=#15-!Q0[7G/]W)-BU-#EI[(5DNQJ\/WD
NTY<1
7F-:KG(
#$SN2K$CQG;_
8NRN5WT^
M/SD[J-%OIIQ^!Y_IFW#
*&
ID[(1X,-!/N=FR^[5[?N^`%\EREE!]K7^


A6P

MT03$XVC_'*D!0S./M`3A_$**Q2SZK@AFP872[?@X2F87M[/)L3]?#.03T?`4






M4F76G;?

?/A.YK=T.H2!5U[)\SHDHP%@L?U0
16L`0'PB5JJ
M)@

P4_#]Y&6LLZL(++#V`T\@*


MZLO].(M42:9(/S4%;%Z`F(CM-2)P34A^#8G]$6*4$?Q/&2HILZ!7%QNC=#$^
M8#!NHT%Z%I63V_E&/MDP-`'QU-K7+55@&.:)EB2XU*JE:$PR3

MOJ$[

]FDX2?Q9=CX-+^+XDFV(CTWQKP^+

U%3\.+P!NYM69]O.O3KR5\3[:D:00JV$$=


?PC6?P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A

3(X+GAM;(Q6
MR6[;

$U=@RQ.(6#IYE+*%//-E7M%:61-2*-`O];($UN5W$)7$;';
M-W<)KQJ@V+*2J7=#BE&5Q]YS079EA#W6S@FR8G;O`SH*Y8(+GFF/*#SK=!A


6%'41FR%B%+00

1[9Q#!T!D!I7P&7'&@QI



MCV$
=QX


MWQ-Q






M0YU

8KW
M2HORKP61ELJ2S%H2^&])R
+Q9T&X'



M\Z`(PQ4IX*$WO)R8*&2HLI2@8\R&EUH61!@6V?[EDOO7*J`%?
MBA*O([9&6M`P/;-#CVY_`_[02`L:*L%;


_\NN3[OD[:;V`^7O%U4-CCCO/?




\.[;ZOM/P```/__
M`P!02P


M$\^.%:L[=-*R

MU[Q-MR7D_4;F:7;VK1XNW%=%UG+!=]T
W'D8Z&7.B9=XX&FSR@O(0);=:=EN

?KMB`

#G*))Y0R2)7B6F450GY]G!BG)
M-1_E(K44T`+:\;HAW^^\EZAAID&/2(H
@2YR`R!

#&'9.
/;Q95@&!!55NJ3

01+XO=E@A+&ZGU&1XQ1[Q+KB.8%,A)_

MMPM
4&#&&8
86GW5($SY(?2'OIO



M970Q

AV
MFO;?[]I.

MJS5&2M.^I*WH68:?F





M!$T#[U0#-2T8I
!L*HO!G[]7!B69G!N39%

E
M&)U!

MRO)Q/$Y&Z1-9T

MNN!FSG0YC+
KB9)9&






A`VXX$+9?X



HS/(

M`5DF^H'


U6P-&GQZ3U#KJN3X

H'@Y8?PXV`VJHH1TQ


MV!H%$Y`GS+@U-XIW_9M\RQ6


RYX;6R

_3
IJER8(\05+9$;3R
MH!2C
VB
6`\(ET''FU]L$!!\4@VYN%3]]SH


MFH#X



$%``&

M3YP67VE+(-M0)U6!#6//OJE4%O@[)UX/^D*?.=.04J\J^4/MO],Z+:24.X8
M(E*!S8NW1R)RRC03()8

MB)!/5%&Z3KX3DC5_#$A'U)

MKH$S18=5#Z(Y




MK
BWFFAM
JE[=G(
MGH3Q.676U7XY8S`^[93!<!HW^/H`.EP9LP2*.4:H*:QH#HAP.D7'L6#*:8:L
MF4$-X5N2D;H63LYV:H`&\,[WNV:XK]$<[FD8JM9^!D-?[WN]`69NA[?D&^9;
MV@JG)B50^I,4VIB;J6T6DG5Z,&R8A&FK'ROXNB(P`?P)@$O&Y/M?1?TWVNK
MOP```/__`P!02P



M:N'@)(]XQ


MMU05_RW-XNC?0L1*J\)$+TW@6)K8#69J;6[Q09A1AL&Q#-
;5JMEMJW.QX%F



MCGA43X566*7-#OR2`:%J'B4X$MYB,$(@S$&+@83#*88S#88[#`8(G!H,U
M!AL,MACL,-C7@)0F$8I!1]//5?#HU=MZDW60C-?:&HSC\$(@S$&+@83#*88
MS#88[#`8(G!H
U!AL
M@6PRIM.QVQ5I9[?0G:20+?:%IJOO21@NO6SQ0+K
MXHE


MGYAF63A3DL#H='BZK\S9AA5RY%6%#PJ27G*GVDZ_+7F?_H:#Y139J/;QZ0

=*63NR:H`*=U


M*4*9JQX2\KO-L%+=4D?1F*7H@E%4XIF%,TI6ETI&A%T9JB#45;BG84[254



)_GL2P
U?:X#X&






7N/#;;;E05]9

ME??`OSN4Q^YLK2[N
5?G[?/+\:%@]1%
;

MR(NS;?$P

Z31

MKRL4D'CAO4(



M;'L_*F@)DHF)TX#X5N8R'1#B

O4*)2J::C8(!H)


C)HU)DHWNTFR%

A%+5DVNU
TFP
MT5V*K5!RY8`
FTHPS]1K&52$M'UI!FV27J.Q8&-_\%G%3--GQ44;
5?_DF2C
))F[1-;J39J7D@(0CR38`*7^<.:8D9ND
MV'BLV!A9NVJM0%I1Z2/FZE\2;'R78N43N.:8.-)@BW0=H;L!*P52FF+'VLG
MNMSP!B!)DFL)FJ38_(OPMF(KEKM&-GD
Q

M`/__`P!02P

_/[
MTV0X?.A^I]FT-#(SE.GY$G.1X*G#:N

PI


9H6'M;]%=8*&FU%4Q:H2\SE%
O*)S+%UW3HP_
R1J
M1G`.)`:2`%%`4B`9D!Q(`:0$4KG$
P;%=L\8'!(H[#:KR\5!@17Y=M(D(A]Q
-D)@W!I(`44!2(!F0'$@!I`12N<0S':UOGNE..SE+^_8QQ/$C
M(#&0!(@D@+)@.1`B`ED
HEGC%HT?:

M(`D0!20%D@')@11`2B52SS3\8[!795/^Q%+^_8QQ/$C(#&0!(@D@+)@.1`
MB`ED,HEGC$HJ_
P7XTI!7YRA2%U?A6TB3PHOO`BQJAQHN`)$`4D!1(!B0'

IS0
MN1.
?:H_X6W;M6[%Z7O@5P;YCC4*\Q
KU7@6H@210I0BRA#EB`I$):+*0[XA
M.=US#7G&Q71V2'F=7/.
-QUL/]?%`

YY]7
M6
:DJZYE-/*SI1'LF1HI
6G
:3.9EH*2A`I1FB#%&.J$!4(JH\Y!N+D]$K
4AWS*<:[J6^<75C^]3A6&J

Z5)+5%F
MUC


M;^`BG2V[
4F0.\V

M'%&!J$14&43[%U+OVS7
Q9V
X/Z7GZ=;3E%:$T/^G0KON[^IPA3=$'6A'-$
M,:($D3*H3PE'8\-H$NR-4BME;:C[114%Y2A5(H150:UV;`M:S?Q[`H;8L[.


A!`\CY8;I*-2528.NKE`H


IHDR0[4-NT7'MA0A9[26B2E#+:LD;$]=ZO%KV[ZX-
M/7I[X^4@&E':T;C



A(K=?R2

2M437RPHF1LI$P
;I(ZOAE
M*R/$B77CJ.!EJ4C=UPM8FZ.;YH_D=



4HE%MF+=+IO%EBCR@Y\
4UEF'Q(#!HQ/<@FSDP&86//%=**I(4A(^8D0)
M(H4H190ARA$5B$I$E8=\8_&.[0HWTAL\SXT,LF:8\ZT,-JE%,:($D4*4(LH0
MY8@*16BRD.^97A'Y5K&67;.S#6N&7B41G277WQEW@<4(TH0*40IH@Q1CJA`

M;:@[014%Y2A5(H150:UV?Z;0D=`8!3&F0M

-
QL&CDLDE

T_19XV





ZO8`='!AXK3K.


F!J$22.42
MWY!M.\!?K#Z\C2/WW


$%RB2HEJNQ&
M)17DYDEX0Q2[D0(/2&W7;#HRWC)`2E2/DS+PSM;0VZZXH_BKS_NCS$#_5V
MS5V;#7)#O$5V!




JI$?
MT

WX9CJI'C\'




M*JDG;-A*KT\E]4(
)0




MW1[D#^I4M_DLZM/_!````/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`)P_Z_QA#0``]$(`

`^ACOOUFJ2I5QQ^I879?AIY?96569676



TIZK(]51?I5

^S=J6KTRQV<
MW





M8[P$$@*)@
1`$B`ID`Q(#J0`4@*I@-0FL1Q&:X[E
+
M9D5;MD)MT`&)@,1`$B`ID`Q(#J0`4@*I@-0FL7PH#F7F=J(_Z(2T[4-%C*`#
M$@*)@,1`$B`ID`Q(#J0`4@*I@-0FL1Q&6R;+87+_=2NVU?V^$Q5MWTGBRP..
MV#XM@81`(B`QD`1(B0#D@



R\II%N^;$F?UZ2B
M@&9.'6)C9P\7*4TDQ5V
$26(4D09HERA
R$F=K6FN\[D'5VJM(FG-L%ZA)_$



MC)0J7V;A?#QW;

^A!1AA&E!*$66(<D0%HA)1A:BVD.U2






M#W&LP?&X/HOD\<C*(HG,&8F);KX;<Z$O9:P<\N&B14MQ'V-$:(4488H1U0@

M8REY5`KF@?
H*6:!CJ-2

M4L5(FI^

M.T0WXO8A6J'VX8FS&5JJ\MY4;&4X8B/6ZLD
#QP/QZ*\.Q-!7PHD8POJS:+`


LD?FT!.;^I:K7GZ%2D=ZZ
M1JH6=5



MSDCK*C3J;FG)0EI[A:AFU&BW?7S^ON/*DW.`MQT*B3-B&\&SB1
#[FA(
M9`3T4DD1ZFYVR$)ZRH\0Q8QT\:(4D09HAQ1H5%W2TLMQ,-9(:HM9/M8WZ8

:($48HH0Y0C*A5BI$



ME@WZJ)K^NL2&/L@9B8\;7_;[$_^/
-#^O8K'_P(``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`


L3]+S8U\9C/J]^!REN^3\\MC_^R_SQ[S?


M

0K:$


?`P

MJ!#KW$2%C[K^3)2)7&&
VDC4`9.0+2$6(38A#B$N(1XA/B$!)V77):797H:N


AW:C






[-X$^-SZ)75+

M/[)*^[KZ_;?E1U&^5OLLJWN@
M+%\&U;G
TFU3Z'@8&
/A='!



-
MTVY^(/ECOBF+JMC5?9`;T(;B/B\&BP$HK9;;''I`W-XKL]V#]JB;B3[7!JME


MVI_

M24384*82?'!?&]LPJ(G*(Y%YT
#A

M068


MXB#B(N(AXB



()P\/X[U
5_7FJIL;L3RHX.(


M/?Y=]00WZPGOJ?B-BRMQ*QF2%V\W

`H8Z];!#U]4C






%M,?=9NZGXL:KGF;++Z'6_T,7ACU:K6
MVQ5%S7Z0OC_:S^!0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`XHF5WV56``!(^P$`









1T

MBP][;M.@(Z=\W]1=Q9&DM(*W%]\$_WM6(N@G%:2SMG7%L332NHY]]J?%I)

7])80]GK?+H!+W
ME_.N+8C#30PAR+G7%E1RF51RU3IK:KL




12<P;W1SF
MN-:MT5?\K[F+NVA4=%)+6]')XYUSUH?.A?%XZ\EEU'\'I`O2`^F##$&(.0
M



@`9@HQ`QB`3DG(#&0.L@!9@JQ`UB/(!N0


:FT@+*YC:A+U/J$PV(AD0C


MYMX\



WEW

M)




GCK
M439/Z/7BRBQG(?U5S%*6[K$$)]?7RK)ZN)%/K2KINGFTD*5'\3*[WDAS?Y!)

%=]4I^N6<:L


ZC?MAX89ZA'UB09$0Z(1T9AH0C0EFA'-B19$2Z(5


MN?#QCM(7:

\_`L:Q6,TAYWG=1


M1!.B*=&


NN1
M*_IEFV%S+.PDJS`;=HEZ1'VB`=&0:$0T)IH038EF1'.B!=&2:$6T)GHDVA!M

M3S0@&A*-B

;?R.A[TKA??&U9






M*=&




MA4CR0VXE/[*:A$M^N5TI/U?9R5?EX^=C5S.PFLMK0]73X65[I0N48^H3S0@
M&A*-B,9$$Z(IT8QH3K0@6A*MB-9$CT0;HBW1CFA/]$3T3/1)
TAM](

=&$:$HT


-B(9$(Z(QT81H2C0CFA




OM+XM.T_Z3=*5FE\\GZ5X^
*
M(1R?5SY;=]_E
L?0@/*;


M



M3S1(J-G[

K'!:A[]0C
MZA,-B(9$(Z(QT81H2C0CFA,MB)9$*Z(UT2/1AFA+M/:$ST1/1.]$.F?P4;6

M^9W0G#
WFJM06BL[MY9T07H@?9`!R!!D!#+.27FI[AB8S^[?6/*_K8Z3^8DN
MH'S:]U;:9-6MTWXYK(Q./$GQWO.Z-P
IZE(\/49\-!T3#U#-#Y^D)*LX/H6O<GSR(VD:




MD

DB!&



M#1)J]CX







B)Z)7HBD.9_NE%MICJPFX0]EQDO-


D0B)4.R3@TK
U[*T![A3LB01[=[
MC]+MT2'J$O6(^D0#HB'1B&A






M
'7#MTUVDB28)`DF28))DF2))@D29)@DF28)(DF0))DF29)@DB28)`DF

M*9A4B:5@DFE8%(IF%0*)I62:5@4BF85`HFE8))I6!2*9A3*:%42BB5$AHM


ZP:1.
*D33.H$DSK!I$XP
MJ1-
Z@23.L&D3CI$TSJ!),ZP:1.,*D33.H$DSK!I$XPJ1-,Z@23.L&D3CG
M3D*IDU#J)#1:
.I\W2.7PWL;YM%?8.D=576CJLLGI$Y8)#U:)#E:)#5:)#%:
M)U:)E:)5:)%:)!U:)!E:)!5:)!%:)`U:)`EFR&3#U9'S!V#5*WBO_NQC

&44

ME%HPI;9B96K!E
C8-B6R;7\
H41&LRR18$HDF!()ID2*9$5JTVDJXO^8FL

[/COWIK
M):LP'+W`]#'5P/HU;%##AC5L5,/&@:EW(<8D8RF#=F:;9E:AY2RPK,?S&K:H
M8<L:MJIAZ\J'INLNOI:?DN?RJJOQ^5W;JMB.G#&S5G[VNQ8.BUOI4UEM+(C


Q5R_Z:0-HZUA?)C&%L7Z0[&J$OJV#E?X![=75O



MH2MO6^[7'9C(;LS


M

DLCYY?MA&8JQOF`LM^H7W^-U-:+5]^+*:_BI7[.+O)E?\F?XXIKQH%49
MTJN8IK_4LGUC%CC-@KYI/@OF`W+83TJ&
4+R9K
F'4:KT`\)L;8?9DLE(9[3
M#^DQ1FCNAP09K4(_I
C:?IA50;H\IQ_29XS0W`\)-%J%?DBAM?TP&W@I]$0_
MC%5OD*HI_9XSM[.A!7+/M`A^476?)F:^+Q5TK?D!R:M16]A.2LR)HC2%CP




6N$TYLVGR1T@^2DQ90@J

MA)/'J5&


23YN5%=^TW&_X





M1YPX$TR`M-T$[V%!)+9
JJCY8JC6O&1YF(4DSLG2M-7.5MTHEC+!)




-B(9$(Z(QT81H2C0CFA
MB)9$

]W;2
M5MJ\F::@&`%%**6RQIN=!)1=;Y7ZH?36M
0JII2?TP_)H




MR%)+]$#:JLQ\#ZYM#Z0T[T=_U/7`B


M:)5ZL





M4IT5TTOIX?92E\#4(SI$TSJ!),ZP:1.,*D33.H$DSK!I$XPJ1-,Z@23.L&D
M3CI$TSJ!)
ZP:1.
*D33.H$DSK!I$XPJ1-
Z@1SZB24.@GKI.#4F5L:=;JJ
M8J[.4Y*LJIE)N6CF?JAD7JA$72HT62HT52HT42HT72HD628H;
5;N26'[5

(][QC:_;9K
PNVO
8M-`].@@6G4

M`1T=P

*'A0]=LA-D=VTG6#(.MWD=89DYK:`
M7/8P-ZGI@6R=:C6SDUIR@VDG]Q6G#_^%?J55EQ7^O29,8!UZ9P9%
84=@%=
M-*8S-]D7S4VQW62=

/U7)7Y$;3EVRI
M6;5:O@ZFLL0J
\FL'=

RFO0`F21@9*8QY$D9.


M(F'8*0P[A6&G
.P4AIWL%,8=@K#3F'8*0P[A6&G,.P4AIWL%
8=@K#3F'8
M*0P[A6&G
.P4AIWL%.8V:D0.Q5BIT+G@K/3[@5;.P\I:?7]54YFW0E3&,,0
MAI+4%(82@I#26$H*0PEA:&D
)04AI+4%(82@I#26$H*0PEA:&D,)04AI+

S+ZEH5Z/;
_=
M!XL86JU6+D@8F3`L%8:EPK!4&)8*PU)A6H,2X5AJ3`L%8:EPK!4&)8*PU)A
M6H

)86AI#4%(:2PE!2&$H*0TEA*D
)86AI#4%(:2PE!2
M&$H*0TEA*D

M/X?F?:7V2=1:&,2AIWL%
8=@K#3F'8*0P[A6&G
.P4AIWL%,8=@K#3F'8
M*0P[A6&G,.P4AIWL%
8=@K#3F'8*0P[A9F=K%3(78J=XX.VW+K;7ST)5F






MS?JI5AD^JUY;%L:JV/9A;'NPEAD82RR,%99&,LLC#45QIH*8U&%L:K6$)A

M$)]







M#UND;W01AB\'XJ'

M6;H1QME#&'H(0PAA++\PEE\8RR^

)84&$LGS63QC+)XP%
M$_8V8.\]CY@'P+V



284HJ1`E%3H7

SO'!^XYQZ9N.S&S[OU


M@+T




H



T80AFC!$$X9HPA!-&*()0S1AB)98+YHP1*MM)]&V*[?AAFBU
M6ID61!.&:

M.6$X)PSIA&&=

+N[2O:Z3)7-Q29@2I
0E
M7PJ:B4L&]7'=VY'(ICUQ76+91OHIB94VWON3=]Z
;W-FNW:/=\FL7(TLW^O\







HZ4M_@K#7VF+O\*05=JBIC#4E+:H


MSD7&W1*FGQ0MZ9R

'@2HKE6M/=#PDEC!2JO97I(V^$D3C2










V%X)@S1A&&:

04AH7T%`8'@I#Q






M3G'3(]3LXKAGW%@Z&P1C?8\(ZQ&^=D'T=VNP=S8.)OM.$=DC/'9Q_*1A];XX

^
Z^OJ]=:_GQ?O

+QT0C):1G



1^&[)@-


E[.G8*V[.`4Q1.




K58KITQ&)@Q+A6&I
P5AJ7L%08E@K#4F%8
M*@Q+A6&I
P5AJ7L%08E@K#4F%8*@Q+A6&I


8PA*&D
)04AI+4%(82@I#26$H
M*0PEA:&D,)04AI+4%(82@I#26$H*0PEA:&D
)04AI+4%(82@I#26&FI$*4
M5(B2IT+3DE[_M`JV3QE.+1QD1Y=]'8FUCTI/1?&B(1AIS#L%(:=PK!3&'8*
MPTYAVD,.X5AIS#L%(:=PK!3&'8*PTYAVD
.X5AIS#L%(:=PK!3&'8*PTYA
;`QO@F)87C$(#S1X_0T2-L]`@9
M/<)%CUQ0=U1+Q?_D0<NJ9M^VZ6P:<_N:D+-/9V[Z+DNE?CYDZG6;G!/1FZ:



VJYJ3Y++
M16+\K3.^W;F'!Q,JL6M7:WEIP;M9+
`

MQ&IH)1D*BU&'


.X5AIS#L%(:=PK!3&'8*
MPTYAVD,.X5AIS#L%(:=PK!3F-FI$#L58J=YX*ST[9;6CL/75BD[9G^A)E9
M=\(4QC$H:0PE!2&DL)04AA*D-)82@I#6%H:0PE!2&DL)04AA*D-)82@I



)04AI+
M4%(82@I#26$H*0PEA:&D,)04AI+4%*8*:D0)16BI$+G@E/2]K1:)4^XTDS;
M8;V=B357D`Q)&,2AIWL%
8=@K#3F'8*0P[A6&G
.P4AIWL%,8=@K#3F'8
M*0P[A6&G,.P4AIWL%


M-0#
S;#MUND
_\F^=/CX3^HL^5YWV3$M;#K4JUIO8LQF:MMMEN\&]X95)*S5
MRH$QFSGLU!VS*8RYJVVG&980N%FKE1#
7=N=FSO;?-.Y^P-VIEV\WL[$NF0M



MU7)BK(+$R#7VS
<)YP9VRN06,C/W(,+E$-+3:E6+D09
MF3`L%8:EPK!4&)8*PU)A6H,2X5AJ3`L%8:EPK!4&)8*PU)A6H
2X5AJ3`L



A]8N[?[WU-NO`W23<:3H8SN_QNFB
ML5]CEXL<:K5SER3AEGSH%(T(SE@/R/NHU/

V-.`/0O8\X]-C+@+T*V.N`O0G8VX]
M]C[@'T(V




IO0F(W%VH2Q=C:-_$93

(S&STW
5&1



WA=I[:+)X^5G?3'NO.D4V6Z6E45'_(1%C&)=CHL;#/[2


K\)9

ZPC-^G7E[P)TR`8;OB&+:19_P4^8IC

M+I6-LZHC-\P7U[P)RKC]\N7%_R)RCB^I8TS\I.R,RN+VET/O$@^\?PY6I8

JT/S+/UFA;L4?F9EK^
RVI&W_`GBW5L9?49E]#DPGV'9

)M(S

M=




MQ/$.
;Y!7(W7@Z&
G


2WCDP(T=MT!!)-L/
M

ML/W*1\&#WOA%

$+1O`Q

MD=+']Y_NZ`Y
M9\\[C]_./UUMMX%5Z=G']]W%?2_=_L?3\[O)T]?#S^2Q[M/
MY=W#GFJ;\F0R\-OA\+LQS3X91



Y1+WGZ?F-&S=G:Z')G[*MVZ)XO
M]4[JED;E5R/SX90:&'6\)QI2_OPXFU^]/_N3AH%;:W

M+&B$')_!N(\8+^IF]&.BDUBC5=^'5BH?PU61,XE:5XA:=SSCE=.&/=%8Y3

MM5_Q/9E3XQO:27^4UA
.)\A4`B(#&0!$@*)`.2`RF`E$`J(#60!D@+9`MD




M%'6FAK6M6'%1=YZ6GTBS8\9$\@GOZ\^W[

E[C#QPN1L



MT:H0U8Q$JT'4


M0+?7*5A$(I40J6*C6?_I%G9O-X:NG8:])40+(;9LU%?8ZD+?Q\X8C%68WU;

MXV
MID\82\EL$[&?WZ'TTI\=:7P?U*%?):PE-9JRHT3
V
J/J)?^[#@9L6`M
MB5BRHT2LV

UU7[Z
B]DT
Q8=WH+X.GJL;A@
M#9&M&$W*UI.R#6N(;&N1U
N6C=P;#W2][+Q`;K_R6X`Y:7

;KJ9NZ+
MI3[NR-E@*E:!L4KVDU@56]E5@CZ'KMEE*E3#(NZ88NM10FU9RM[6:@7#R5#W


M+O\MHA0
D)1`UV9H9@VSHY2V'B&*&4F_21EC$0K0Y0S



MC'4G%^NYURQU:0O6D`&Y8C0I6T_*-JPALJU%4B];-IJLEYT7R*T7OP50\_5:
MP
_M`8R*:A@]
?/4<&[(%;.9#^CEK(9L)#-LAAF))E($*6

MG11F

MB$2J&'E%U'VV]G3UU88U1+:U2*IJRT;^#:ACRIT7Z





I9J=4SZ/
M-!7CIXIED2V6!.QFVPT]L-]Y^
625;]?++/?_8G*ZK?)7@.VR)9*XME2#9?=
5_-9;JPX5(K'BU$-*$*6(
M

M^4GGI=V:R('
-2
W1=9*4&BMW&\O(HH1)8A21!FB'%&!J$14(:HM\O(!]]BR





FM%*]KNVVH7:A62

MQE*U<+.AJ6(64_6O,,'13*D+'C\\1YZPR


1*M!U'K(KWVS

U$
K''OV'(];*&PBMX^0P$+&C
M'086LO?OA&
./S4





K8J.]L

2K0)1R4BT*D0U(]%J


I(!*D(4
Y(!*D&4
A*M

A*ME'-2+0:1*V'_[[MK.A
M`


6ZJ

VHK9PHU:RE/
+][;M:H#;54;NX&*M!(5H%2&*$26(4D09HAQ1@:A$

M'A8;/@5%%&*$26(4D09HAQ1@:A$5&J$36(6D1;1.85P*8*^\KIT]*_TK=_


;*1D_`D=K8%7I\C=3&
MKNPH4_USM^I&P]EB;=X7@06X7L[7UWT353X;NK*AQW31AQ[TIP*

M8W'HH6:Z

M8!Q3L8T+R&;WWV^/I-;


M\^77]F!Y

7EY0



@4R
M`S('$@&)@21`%D!2(!F0I4FLF-*JZHR8*FD[IB4Q)B60$9`Q$`?(!(@+Q`/B
M`PF`A$F0&9`YD`B(#&0!,@2`HD`[(TB15`6MM:`2S6:U?J&JNY^JN&=BP+

N;=\7F[_O&P*W:$:F)X0VNIXBI)*;%#
M6!`CA`ST.;


M=G.JI=BI&:B:`XE*8K@9(TJ@W0)(BLTR1$NSG9T=:OO&S(Z:Q0K='N+5BMHI





//DN9NJ0/`0MI
M'T*-S*05DWE:2MW:DUD



M.$O/-1E=

M9SE^3D9K,3%]DB!1/46.3543W^H&O^!3WD81G5
+KC4LJN6GU1VQS617:;



M$OF#3MD9K+;#SUA_E/OIYOJC0%;U[EZ+8CILEU)F391]'K&0.?5JDKA497:O
M9NU=2IFZI
$)&]3UPF5DM@
?/)9J]

MHLPV)*X%EMS@`T-VKLL;1K^I:7A?2#W?1XM.LZ;=B)/+L)1I+FE\?ZEAA
=L

MMMA+:+0ZKVRPU:@B#5;CWUE-&JTN*AML-062L8EB.2I6@
N/]-MI2^EV3HE6



:('$03

M#UO9G4J*Y^L(T1B1@VBR$7D(?(1!8A1%-$
T1S1!&B&%&:($H190A6EK(
M#K7:(COC!%WLJ%DGZ!*94QC0J`-HC,A!-$'D(O(0^8@1&B*:(9HCFB%&
PB424UA<R`VU5#6%$8T1.8@FB%Q$'B(?
M48`H1#1%-$




:@[0N^C#-1;



M970S
'[\<?AP_4_#Z_7__'QW__M
M_5_'E]]?OQT.;U=DX<?KA^MO;V\_[VYN7A^_'9X?7M\=?QY^T=?CB_/#V_T

*+DE=V=WG?V:'UT<**9EYEZZ4I<?C=^H`_??J^4F-#0K)PS\^7_(\=/G

*6UD:8S03V.$QE=$

?:4




D

M.9`2`FD`E(#:8T0#H@/9#!)T'`:&$3!$R-Q\56+?K


M-R!9$!R(`60$D@%I`;2`&F!=$!Z((-/@H#1LBH(V]/D


8R?6OOZ!?WK$Z;:=HD1:I`8HALQ1)W*
)X:H7T[3\Y<C<J\VJBK(_
M7`%EJ



M);\?RA/Q
SL$/W[^IL$
14!9`BA'5`J$56(:D0-HA91AZA'-`0HC)]:TE\0
M/[T#


M.^K]0#`ZS1;!GQT!90F@'%&!J$14(:H1-8A:1!VB'M$0H4:H4=A#(^.X[R



M2Q:Y4JT0U8R



J&#GK):**D;-5(VH8.5LMHHZ1L]4C&AB-ML*(JMVK


M)_(K9P5KXE5C^^3*QEQ


=S833ID%^'3KDTBQO51F+
MW


M5OMH?XH[$5J][?;G
AJEX_K
G\MPQ6Y4\;F

M8
E
!\(QH
X`+A@#2B[*2Z.PO


6Z'.2=ANM2I


K9IR%
MZ57G%GYZ3\S(2BZJ42.:`GABV]




JWF6
*[OETBRF9OVJG)UT8!U_/:



M





M(P@_VR?J4\E%?6H4S'@6S9=.1M]=4:;H%

G*T6





M8I*'8ONE5ITH)F/*+R:#]
GS=KD1T2V
X6`[B\FUWEURP5?-IK2OW4(NI1L6





M1`6B$E&%J$;4(&H1=8AZ1$.`POA%5N@G0HF+\K5&_KH'488H1U0@*A%5B&I$

M'J+M`)PBU$[%

M/S%
YJ\F

FDMF??4
M&8V[)K&1Z)V`[0[6+I$P7VK3@85T\7L[UF;SXL[[[@WR

!%R+WAB_8(;
MOK5&M(JQ$:9?`PZ_0;


_MW/.W'%'!R%55Z=!\

:&$W4K#J)\+








MM
MW9Y.\X+


X]GG8`]


M_Y43L?^:D?&_6*XV
N
LB?EO613SWSD1^^\9:?_IEGXA7_@?6#+C/TRWW%3'


MG(BO
V=D*FB54%K#+_(4+)D9P?IWGED4\U\Y$?NO&9D*2G;+6[%B:%@2\]^R
`1OX-O2
M!4MF1KI8-WQX`^0R-5/Y2RQ_YH1+<9M+%/9L&%5K`LMBV(AZ%BTL7ODGE&T
MP.K9KH0)IW&^5UK.1BX:61/\)V\O4G^YT6T7]MZ&3D


MXS/\5VS)?16F9L3^=UOYYS@:EL3\MRR*77_G1'S]/2/VG^YD*0PLF?$?IIM$














4=LC;5YGY#`:-?/4%K

ME(2R

*`7K='UW-A+??WX_N?#UT/_

M$M!RY\OQ^
;_HQS\=7SY?;P7?/P_`0```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`-.E













M;A3S]7E]?WL\_.RQ[LM2?'I?\UYN3;EE:!&B/E33:.L9K%EP*U^YF;L^JS#6
M#4ZLT?U^[[N3V\'OK#EMI.:!:BQ3
0

0@PB#%88Q!@D

MY+HSSI0(\C4G9$%(0
B2D)0B)`5(3$A2$I(1DA.2$%(24A59
8N6#WZRMR
MP=5F+B1I7`2$S`E9$!(0LB0D)0B9$5(3$A2$I(1DA.2$%(24C5)

M
4@P2#'(

@Q*#`H









7\1)$S$%KS85:!.XC0
*];8U=='FL0-'E/@91
RBDF25$7=UEKC0PU04A`2%+1;IJ+R#Y4B-`K(B)%:DW7*B
]Q-Y11BL8TN+<K#)^QG=%E8DC

33W$
(]2+LTZGN3+8[K10&G!:8J=CM-I5FU.CH&Q\
M-MQ]3%3+S9N11.8QT1CM-V=2U?VLID4PRP5%`45+C=J7
-0BL!Y1M*(HUJC=


\X$B2QH228HB\<:6B]8DZXPDO^`%1U)<T)!(2C
2SQLZ-CH_J=HB
8OR
MNB-J_AD1M!&6R-@RD6


M_DM`TK_CL4\.F_XKD+3X-ZN-M:XKMDXVEZ

28
M$1=U\Q<BV6T#BFK%M?TSJ2)Z'MUPRLF6I0_/V-0[!EWY3+P(D+]F)B]^)
M7H&BRWT








2XMA78OC=W_OU4L:JZ






)2SE5;PECA%&8Q2.V3MD
8AK4
V#MDZI'/(

M
\P'2N=A19&M%25DOHB*.F3MD

M6U
.1R&ZWX3

RGMM%
LPREGA1;4

MH_2&V?0
FW5\)TXYS(+NI8+.XF`TFD-R*=G%M6Q6)B0UDHHYP+I'/4


9TU=7./B_+1G`RDJ
M2Q![MEC

M*
]BX7&&LE2G*&4)TIY=F
*@+HAU8LP&4E26(/;L:KHRR:`5P:

M

MJ36SH/+/9D921DAQ6=


MOYAE40M*O
O9K*C
M-8*)8WN8TL]W$8?-


;56&A85\]`@S/WSTLJ6
#9L;.P@VZJPUNFZ9W#
MI4FQ=61)W*\]U'BH]=#&0UL/=1[:*4BG.QHK,V*V8@MQ))*(34D$HW$9F5



G+.I3N5I-%E-3











I42W5D






I^I8@]FTUK]R!'I$
Q%P1

RJL5R6-\.SNOQNKI





M
J


)';DAYMYB6\Z79
MN6^%DD9W8E%5


M6S





MD3[I

;*


M%L6+Z659V6FJE9N!]8

M\D%/C8OL7HPNE!A*5P





7$/?75R??41K@5)
7!.DM^7=$2UNB)DK
6BG(*TS9!JE<S)5GA@?
MV-*H3Q#\



MB9JR:/)G-9FZ4QPH-]PV
9[V9UI)G1ZQ5$@I%0G2_G2GSO`)&\X=P_X
I*@E

_
M2_B%K$U$0
@)U.X$
YRA(;*-A@1I=[JW@BV9=:1+K&


6FIS6

(MD\O&LG-E=OA89)YV\.JMFZME&0RITX*?JTK6:6?CK


Z
*BDNCD

MY4I9EHYO^`FLXPICC9$H_+[
@T*
'0A*C5[9EU[4N.$.[?#7^*&G2:W&#B=2



4ZQRO;OT1T_-

7;8
J94
M=1CXBS#]A




MG'J5LB?R1\\W$2E8JI/'U@5C\$8'Z1I\SH6*I@1K!:

U

M-L






G
]P24#7(



M#F_R#[CU]<_#R^_]I^<__4L`````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`/1RAK*`-
M``61@``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='





M/1\HW&.Z(W%C[L-?WGJ_HAXE


MK2)]MHJSJ^EX/)I


5D^

MW;\O16X?N
(6IPP9W2Z)'


M-LALD-N@L$%I@\H&M0:
@%!N
@+2O\#RY!#2-+_H0Y\=$[.K[Z640RX[*6=T
M8PK-.Z$N($!\(`&0!9`02`0D!I(`28%D0'(@!9`22`6DUHD1'\K_GXB/D&[B


M(!606B=&#&@C8L3@=


[I=$

Z4-;*0;F2N%W0IS4`B`+(&0$@
)`&2`LF`Y$`*(60D@M2=-A
M1GQH-]L3'WZP.WMK*\R8$6J)MCH`\209ZCMB9V3MKOQ.J(N1)*/F
;\9(`L@



MHI5`4[171)8RPCJV$F?`4KHM6VC!0NH:0H5.7$/$4C-9(QE/IU8*C%GBE/^$

P7%HKGS;SM(P%P*)#



M*5L1HIB1LI4@2ADI6QFBG)&R52`J&2E;%:*:46/+C(4H5^BQ^'LS6!8]:!H
M#Z1GL'IU
]





:WZX.A7
M2?&\\!#YB`)$T0AH@A1CA!E+*$.6(D0EH@I1;2`S/)\K2]%YH[W@,%*K
MRQR1A\A'%!:(`H118AB1`FB%%&&*$=4(H158AJ`YFQ$4//6UI#P&G
YB8

MQ`++*(Y$JI8U!^(!\8$$0!9`0B`1D!A(`B0%D@')@11`2B`5D%HG9M?;)0IM

ME8@J1'6+FNXR0T;;XYXD]ND]LZ@YVBFM1?I*`\AK%3\X6U92*FS2EGZZW$II

=I*$*5*43=O/1=D2HK-YVBK0%0J1=V\5;&LE!2;KULD



M]Y/QU+K[G`5.N2]82+DO%3KAOF*I8^YK%CCBWDP2GRO`.%B`:9%^;N&
K:P^

<I=30
M]Q#Y+1K)\3UCXX5CDRS.4I-`LI5R&BB)&<4D-(ES$+G/*5L)#RE2+*&$E?
MH\G`6N1S%CCEJV`AY:M$5#$ZYJMF@2.^S$'SN0+4$`M0+=*.FN:(/$:JR.LC
MAAIFT)$(2-E*T(4
U*V$D0I(V4K0Y0S4K8*14C9:M5#-J;)FQ.%&`.O]Q
MFP)A;^5;I&=S/(5F(74\ZK7(G/?6NNVS'L]H*P

MS
J3T=C*RO%)MPFK*[?I.6XSUI-NZ8U&6`U.^BU87_DMS_%;L=Y1O_4QO^8(
M$Y4P?2-J+Q'GG4'36^(PQ2BJ^`M_[R5TI#'24X'U'`2-E:(`H9*5L1HIB1
MLI4@2ADI6QFBG)&R52`J&2E;%2+QHKWH0MDY

MJ^U/\5+\6


M
$_?2WT$LZ??=#OW_PK;?'J).;





I7='D
=3E]X@(7[=S3_Z59#WY=








8@(*B3Q!`D\)8D_6WC^:MVR/!@Y%R/A*49ZTP8NQ$!XRE?^=]W@





M!D@T0(X#)%8131_L7E4?[N1V*IMKEKZ%#

Z(+6@@TA</UGTA
MLH)^I\A9Z7(.(DC5//#5Q4C)1X'`KE:HUSIU+()@8W1!K7FE/]44DKT8Z<\

M6$'3K?)@W2HB6E(]UZAS!Q'T
*E=3&=5(&I2/==8X[$(FI)4`BMONM4VNO7:
MSR%TV+D^TZ$(



M



H0/-BQ&/1$^2F5N6+R%P/-K0:L+/=`\KZV4O?
;!NA.^VT'R^L/-WC!





MW'7=:3D:M9M==5BW-\VI.L+(4W
^K#OX\_P\:D_G:KWM)QWVHV0\GHT.Z_HX

?=87W^]'+Z:=


MI\!($5MNOQ95NX&
@IN;9*H\;9H]!`#_#@ZU6AJ0D?67_O.UWG:[NV$ZNYG.
MQZD`\\%CU7:R5BZ'@\U+VS6'_[21

MS#SXC'SA.Z
&?CUU^#1.1'HS2:;SK.?^QM?/S$SX?$_8(YWSOH3%NEO?WYZ;



*1D


32
M6]GB2N\=(

%Z]5;!2&9%DF[
MA9U:;W#H>:]BVRCQ%IW
1UL;\

K^DGUXT[O8)]'(3)R'.7&C*H9.6I6WLPS
MU5\`

Q4R3EA*J;OD#2A^P!4+@V%HF:L`JC@4





&'8*?J+33PY)!.%:$/V\4`LNFHF&IKY[67&HX%#)(8D@'*82
MN&MJQ/GNA_GB99*M`\T1)+OS[Z^^UZ9B2CY;J)//H
DFHA9*9DCK
2D?W;^

1





\/-2PI;U@


XWT


75/QN20

MG61L)(61_DT7C2=P,@D-@?H1-D(F`&O,_BW/`C(-/S4Y/PT@'F1#
M(-/P

*$
T_

MF1NYVZ'W_P
``/__`P!02P

S

V?K7=X(Q??=_O=^7?@-)TZ;)W6R]$[;;[O:=R_K)O-
M5OH._@/N#[OMR?.]YW.&W&7#0'',M]G;+'EZN'O:T0C$M*=.[O-]^IOEK*UB
M.OMP%TS0?.=^^-KWE/_J?31.NZ?N[NC2;-,ZB17X[GD_A+3U)!`99\&Z'JS`
M\)1Z<I\W[_OSV/MHNKN7US,M=X%&)`;F//VNNOZ69I3<9.R\+3U]A0`_9LZ
M[$1JT(QL?@6?'[NG\^M].F^G4]]=_US?5?IU/;=/WN'1=AH12Y8U(&QO09

G-B:DPLCH#B#$=`G

H[;+!:M0I*6Z-.^WD2%]1H;%C'63^Y.91=D5
M+K9(LW!!KU]L2ZZV^!)9YS

M3-
.C$9.7^+8KYIKBY8XG#2UUJ7

MB4P+U^T'6RZRK5;J+^;;ELLFOL3!QT?#A8TE
BF8;O$ELBQ=D]RV7&+Q)3*\

MN+E/TWZE

MH
5!FX

.1@Q
&8@PD'4PYF'

@4R`3('
M@
R!+(`L@:R`K'5B)`Q=-K^0

@8R`3(%
@
R!S(`L@2R`K(&N=&
E!OXR^

MY!!J

M0

@4R`3('
@
R!+(`L

M#T@?R`#($
@(R!C(!
@4R`S('
@R!+(LA:)T8BB-KQ%S(AD)NI$*&2JFL\
M*J2N)P56VJA&HC(%H%UTBCGSHE-3







5%DU%





(9
M216;%!;66


MRR01S
TJ4D49?(-[]W(\YMX5%?\O[-WP`8&Q=T.D+KOL=O%1O$(G[AXNG5K5
M)!&

K9+#_;4G`IH(X4

I(M[U#K;)


MR

*QDDM%K4D

IF9+ZH3HGM23U0V4G:DGR1@5Z1Y2;L!^JTSNB



'75_IS
M'9?N!W
9^HGQ['EG^1_10?P'0`__`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`W$V/
MZ`F;``!1=@


BYX;6RLG=NRVT:2










01\ZT3E)R!ZOIZ758SJ8
MLX+

M3+T+UI+YQQ#TH5-=L);








M%F+Q7)J&82XMH1DJ=[T]D`.0!
@1R`E(B0#D@,I@)1`*B!G(#60Y`&R!7(


.)N

I`9R`=(`N0*Y`6F!=$!ZGP0Y-1M'3R3U


M.:(48FH0G1&5.Z(&H071'=$+6(.D1]@
*\FIT)/Z\/KU_-G2H](+MM#F\%

Z(:T051@^B*Z(:H1=0AZ@
4IMCL

@1R`E(B0#D@,I@)1`*B!G
M(#60Y`&R!7(#4@+I`/2^R1

\:OYH[OV&-7@O2);!



F

M0WL7WM$K]Y58L?LS^JH171RBB\
-&T17;'A#U&+##E$?-`QU8G9N?)V
Z(%N


W#[3J'
8<W
#AD[G4/65VJ
6S/1M$R
&:T



MH!2JK.Q=


#ZWKU^HA
M60UQM/9.#\1)!QN1IXML\#J93[?JE5A;AI-ABW`90FD<F1I@\P7B]U
!3E'
M@]3@LF&7KQ3(V*'?P&L+I.

R72F*NQUZ*@
M1Z5_/?FO]KUYN@AW4O908Q8!@DCV[.VRXV:B1S98*)?N1KY0/24/4E7SQBY
M&KF;[]1YY6P1U^PD7@N$56




MW(6R-!O^3\C2WA\(EL(6!6.CFBWO%]9&QKT#D
01-Q+20#B'.1UYB8A1QT@A
M1A;&6

VFN@S=KW`1A(P190QLCUTOMJL=CO5(7*VB84KV$CE8@J1J[@


MMQV[C1Y^'[CUKGRH)GV+PJXX1Q_JH&+&-_'-9%W-[AP**MYNJZ=W;5]YH`H
M863[#&VJ;N#.')M,=!DG+WN8M+;AE6/*[01E#JDY$%0\Y\L/
DJT'V)J!J-

3+V

]YP9N.W8;O2A]X'92



X
J]T#T6KV(]$N

_[:LUOLU&


MJT)T9B2^:D071N*K071E)+YNB%I&XJM#U#.Z^PIS/W8+8+Y^\A;`$F\!..0/
M3NH4WI[_^!:^5MV\.1.PJ[M.HFYYNEWI`_&IM)W9V&

&-(V
K.U%?;F7XX\


M(%488K'0-_?.T1`U.&S8H;_#A!L%4:\W\-HZ3B.N_YT7U*MO/JI&*'.S;N

M)0W_2W5^/9OXX29'/K.'^H0J[99K4)$LHH
?AA_]8Y[]RMK(\'

`K]LD3UG]P83(8HP&$)I`I#+'?ZR?!S

_X$BY@XO9

^3@I:H<I!,W$+2QKI^QS:
QO!8`JG&//-9J'N
M&I^C







EU]0[

MRAF)]P)1R4A\58C.C

M48NH0]0'*

M:A!=$=T0M8@Z1'V`PE2;G;XG4FTW!H-4.^1W84'-:`$T1'15&**$.4(RH0
ME8@J1&=$-:(+H@;1%=$-48NH0]0'*
RKV8-\(J]VRS+(JT5!%W[1S[/LS1.!
[?Q?DU:*@^/W7]:#E8S@!*T.B(Z(4H198AR1`6B
M$E&%Z(RH1G1!U"Z(KHA:A%UB/H`A:DVNS)/I-INX@2I=LCOPH`.YOW[9@8N
M5@FB(Z(3HA11ABA'5`J$56(SHAJ1!=$#:(KHANB%E&'J`]0D%?SAOH@K]X-
MJ)$E
-U/XC7PO66X5G*(WI'+_72/Z(`H071$=$*4(LH0Y8@*16BM$948WH



MGHMW1H4@\:4#EL[(U$XY0_@BC%BQ][-X9U0CNC@47D#]OO%&K-C7%7W=$+72


C
LD'?!%&K/B


M'E]








M1[::Z&VVEK)1[!!2


1$LU+*^
M8_['O-_P1L)#@7U53_E[VQB]?4PV'!V$_9LNS&]&D*_8/)H+;+WFGP.&V3
F+!JHF]$$0;Y`

2[S6B
MR/QU2Z



0YF\2B%6PDKDM$
M%2-7[];TN(.:K9S9)!:M9B.)=F$D%[-A%+V85[:*!;RQD01L$76,W.G-Y[N%
MKN<]VTR$Z5)*[1GI&G
E30M\NL=?JGFQ1I)
3H`21SAMP/M7F;+M=I(.QJ;
M2

M=0.W';N-'GX?N/4&FU!-)+E`379-.OI#/:IE_)3BBVFF5&514/#P2S6N85#Q

D8VVH0_CJ



ML&
4#=BSU43`4*;D*I#I*RM18Z[D:9%?]'`7T-KX-4^3Y





T=A




VDF$E0Y0S









Q'LA:-I[

M32P*1U9U
V2_=492V`^($D:18=3Y(25%J@P$2]FSQ
\8\9BYP0_6LDDL6L%&




M/5





[D@`PD@`PD@`PD@`P
MD@`PD@`PD@`PD@`PD@`PD@`PD@`PD@`PD@`PD@`PD@`PD@`PDH#/E`3



^DVVXIANFV+.CQ^

MXXY
@!&@!&@!&@!&@!&@!&@!&@!&@!&@!&@!&@!&@!&@!&
M@!&@!&@!&@!&O94H#9!GI&`7;;*%2`8T&'!T;I!D;I!D;I!D;I!D;I
M!D;I!D;I!D;I!D;I!D;I!D;I!D;I!D;I!D;I!D;I!D;I!D;I!D;I!D;I]IE*



`=*0P826PTA/JU(\EN
.
0I#O?



8*EO6_(
$/
M5G#7E\8R9T8GYIFIOD3R&O&FBR0)SEG)_3$2W
#\`.J](0X9\;/VQ?MO#(
M[&#DGY


M12:.*:*
$;\D83:GM]ZI(3^/1RK8AT0J$56







M6EZ0VIQ%K%R1Z


M8XZI+FK')#J-2'
NEKM(*UTZ2'(38936S(:VK[77JJ+=``]%95FX=AC8MH





)$[&*/XE\CSNN&`OXKAB%'=\CCNNV8LX;AC%'5_C

CH5S234ND
1L2__U#B.




2F'9
^M*(Y.5BV0LU
MIPU)_0$8DAO9##GS+I12GMD&?J;TV&WCL/2XK61__4`B@17$PMG)`$6:`T:B
MLTQ/-M4*B43GVOHU=DQ[$(+$!XS4Y]C_D'9F.X[$7'I\%6



MAU/[+#L.:G`D%


M^J*'&Z,?8,`7&XF`?[!=YIIF'CKEMDD(L^)ACTL7GM^MJ+&8UU?Q9/*==F

MV`K6@T#!QGI/'016YF;Q)B

MJ7+=WZ$Z'-

0_::/5$8KT8UJLOBHNA




M5_QJ?VTWS'@Q%!!#`3$4$$
!
1000P$Q%!!#`3$4$$
!
1000P$Q%!!#`3$4
M$$
!


M;C'B%B-N


M^^8N
SXWKY.:I5Z
Y

Y

Y
5(




M

$P





MXD=M%CZ


1









70K+$^LTWW\






#J'!1\Y]ZI@
M91P2*2/R5(EOQHN(O=A`PPG]^H@8QP4%R-Q5)GW.%BDH<,<'$LIMF-A7%H
M)(P(!TNUDA$3+11P;'0D-'LWHEK^RWN/;</JV5A\VJIK9;:JD^OUX?*QJV6



W&!57H36V5



MD9(6+9;A^(.



M^+I?

7ZH--RMH

M]*J0

^YN@UM+09EY9XCEE




M



`
M
0P0PP`Q#!##`#$
$

`
0P0PP`Q#!##`#$
$

`
0P0PP`Q#!##`#$
&%DP
M(&V
W6)`WDB;#2ALFO!B3'@QXA8C;C'B%B-N


M(VXQXA8C;C'B%B-N


LVHJ%MK72QUQO^--[6/]?_RG]*OK0+,REMZW9.%JL
M^:ZUZA]AO!_86`\JOA-2N/,SS=G1</:-6#W3N*3VVH?A2?![9S%%]:L_*4
MV-/I&+\*\+6UV3N(;ZU5/XCO`]LYB!^U67SV(%P(?M9VFT\H/R\JOUJS?B2_
M![9S)']:LW(Z#H]'_AS-_`'LW]9HXWR$69+VZ_[CB^Q#V?8;%]GV!YH(OO'

P&?(H_?:2N1`1WI=:^8-.'E/B[6V8?1^?

MW#@TWD:$HQG5S^D?CDAJ1\=20^!!SK23.


;*GT-



!

M%W9'






QA*.W:V=






MUR.
$F-I5%^4$D






19QTK)\;A8*&:?MZ



6'U
-D8&G=G0Q7
M_FC-8QHGSH;


YLWQ













MPX?6K#S3\'`^QZ]$?&QM]@[B4VO5#^+SP'8.XDMM%IX=/H3E]VMMM_GL\/-4
M_M::]2/Y/K=(_E1F\4C7/T9VVW?R2_6K-^)+\'MG
D?UJS33G^MB8;N80Y



YDOJ


Z
MS
:E%2


8?G]'!W-N-R%2:<$[:8A751*]V5%4Y]+KF&#!N.H;#_?V+4]CKPL`K






MW

W

W


M9F'&'_5YUZ&UJZJ@@!@*B*&`&`J(H8`8HBA@!@*B*&`&`J(H8`8HBA@!@*


M(VXQXA8C;C'B%B-N



$`
`\0P0`P#Q#!`#`/$
$`
`\0P0`P#Q#!`
M#`/$
$`
`\0P0`P#1A8
2#M`MQB0=XQF`PJ;)KP8$UZ
N
6(6XRXQ8A;C+C%
MB%N
N
6(6XRXQ8A;C+C%B%N
N


F+D;P8R8N1O!C)BY&\&
F+D;P8
MR8N1O!C)BY&\&

WAJ]
WIO]
'H






MDZ`TVY2#.5&:;

M7B*9([51/3-OC/`_MD+VB'`](KR.(TCPMF(4#8B](P($R-BM8P(Z2)L(AP

/!/83%

MP&4UO#-`NM)NXWCK=;6UJL)@8F9

$\

;127R020R+U12(QC%%?






EIG6*H*[Q8

Q-%)?-!+#&_7%
M$C$L45\L$4.)L6\0(.UGCP(
'Z#?\`6R%+2\*-OGPZ0\''0Q+CWO]B_&I=7X
MUD2;R+A3*I8W6?Q5FK`;@DHT:6M$G/Q854;HOY*-59GMUL:SJ?;A[OSB01?L
_<(
MT%Q'@.97'`'BEYZ;X3,/QN)#^&%*I.WLO2EQY??^/NDGA.9<2#U0O+J6-IM

:Q67QP68ZU47T050U3U14LQ%%1?M!-#._5%
M
C&$4E\D$D
B]449
1P9^P8QTJ;V*
:%MZAI3=.B6-@D@-CK8^W;VQ&WVA&W

M1MPCW'SGNFFN%/[..,SS


Y-6.Y
5(7HSD

Y

Y

M?RGNO)\TQYU9_])M
B[(C(.B*BCHBD(R+HB
@Y(F*.B)0C(N2(R#@B(HZ(

M+8!$K4!E62&1IE=^@I);U:'PRT-AUR-;;\N?,NMYM?E+Y7T9K4H$K8E6&A


M

[3*[]*62WJR6

M@$7K714%B:M:^9O'@



V


MG?V`8FVQ=P2(I[$Q3PSUIGKWY_@%04PL+?AG\[4@9QM[NQ5VMK'J*T;/PG9/
M/
JVKML%L+@=1BV`QF)X7%A9#H_Q(3ZTWJ\73$^;H?^(Z:E?W/?*+*R*X2%#
M3
O.0R<;UVWZ!^.XQ:`/?%D#^SK<31?K_<
M+/_IQD\@GMN'E;BPZ;FRSK9?\^MC;=7O=M\LV-O&^F;#NX%M5WC?6O4*'Q;L

MV/-X09*TL3VND!?V`4ZI?90DL_%R??8N0.F9'HS:7*W0)H_5=\*QI@R_N0ZF



MOW5=OJXP`=(G`.


X


MXX_OU[D

*^


M8X5553OYTR&MEM-V3/5\








MXA8C;C'B%B-N

M\:U=O5BA@!@*B*&`&`J(H8`8HBA@!@*B*&`&`J(H8`8HBA@!@*B*&`&`J(




M0#0($`T1(,`T2!`-`@0#0)$@P#1($`T!`-`D2#`-$@0#0($`T1(,`T2!`
M-`@8M4`K2]A(RXC03X-ITPHM&N46CW*)1;M$HMVB46S3*+1KE%HURBT:Y





T_)--?
YO@:R9

M^(@&/J-OP


M^5V60_QK

M&57


]?

&/#S#



MG!YRO`_-X-P*#)4Q


M3J





.FO(I$
J*^/PL7;3IHGEQ
MJUW


&N74K'^X3Z5-)VH.($.C$=Y.3I
MM(EMIH
L20=9


M.?JMS!6OPPY(T5G'Y
/!^BUASUUG$UI]?S9[#[!N1092C])_]`20YT2&R:W(






MH.
V_+-Z0@-3L9HOL^[9
P*3VX76%%;@`

M^GAR(^_(A$&WX9^6
O9UJQ6PX%I7OVC%#I=N%`]?'$??FG994#!5X/UP\4



M#1:]RZTV;T0@`[.


`2?
MFLEXH!&MS]5J2/BE:NQK/?:O3:-+M7-9%MV^-;.MI
_5:DCZO6K#4?YH6CG*






M_


MB`8JHV\`P]:`1S!.7?S*FO$
@&O]TG2W.XA&N46CW*)1;M$HMVB46S3*+1KE



HM&N46C7*+1KE%H]RB46[1*+=HE%LTRCUJH=RV


HM&N46

MA:]*3;UG7*DZ?KQ(\Q$-[(IVXIW;@UD]




%7
ME


*
$



M+-C!WCEIX5'2PF-SK3

:U/'TQ<X[ZO9=LMSJ['E54=_6<3U$O_P



S^LY



5J2/JE:D-2`#XG
<N[]U3;[FW!-!_6M9W@8]P]3<&S:YNM`YZW



M=+D=[;_=FRW++MQY0UR2-;L]E+1`*&F!
$\K3SK5=SQ820NKDA96/6V_!X!5
MUS9O/



J

CRWOJ_C=@%9;:(?






+]I\QHM&N46C

HM&N46C7*+1KE%


$_?O

M:-\2[3G1OB?:CT3[6;6TW+:(




_-

5I)VXO+W:A-T.KFVSM`_RV


4@+`5P1&(
[_I?.DKB1
819O[J;X7UEVG;\`F





MH;
:#7!Z]C)I/##/[]B`RI6\


^)]J5I/=[7





)4J?&[@[
M)S!-;RLP#3`&AJUS`H/62N`E*UMCTB=N8)]5=;$9[2*%KKB55AQHNZW=05

I'3BV

M*!IFC`FP'G.SA0'L5F!(C8&!\IS`0+D5&!IC8
`[)S#@;06&N!@8X*($;YYK

A%VZN)K]O&^L6CSXD?3ULL.2F[5'SE@233H:='J:0XRHM'X



MQC]MRK(ED.;:S6)2J'6K7DH8%0U&BQ9G-BPOP6V2=9S9@+*M$(\HG^IN945Y

MB3

MX`\U2M_CCRH]58F?BQ[_F-OM(2SL?-I.\[D&Z&F^5FE[_[]M!WZN47K@[RK]



M-5E)&*BUI62E]J6/EOS21^[R7)O;8F@.M
5A+?MX/P2M1=H^^Z$5LT9S@FD
M#*51`E+/Y9^XSQ\=@^A6#MB











M__;++_^X__





'_CM7K')QOBEW^X5O^W+\C&VM['
[[7Y




M&_MN8S_R
1Z0.'OR




MQC*_!_-CDXT]VAB;;.RMC;W+\S%VL+'

G&/ML8FVSLBXU]

ME.=CS-A-_;[Q5U0Y]O29Y-G&V&3YOMO8CWR
A2EC-_5[;?O))HMY9V-LLK%[
M&WN3'Q]CQF[J]V!^;+*8CS;&)AO[8
?`)AO[:&-/;)+:
F9SG?I]

M-L8F&_MB8U_S

#\V


M^GWC0X%OZ;K_





M?C
#OJSVEU]__4?]'Q[`__#_?OWM_QR_TO+'_R\`````__\#`%!+`P04``8`


BYX








MK83^:B7+J[.5++42^NM1



U#_.N\XY!X_ZQYE7RN$S-_'S-F^J


M!)T$.PGV$APD.%K@`[EX\#.Y]I_PLU*C_




MWKPX*$6N;WNBUALK%.7$
0AQ2`1`0B`1D!A(`B0%D@')@11`2B`5D!I(`Z0%
MT@'9`=D#.0`YVL1Q-VVT''=/3R9*VO6I)M9X!1(`8%$0&(@9`42`8D!U(`












MMA+J4R/%NC+4E2




Z]EEK2^
M#WY97(DY\&D6/EQ4$[$C2J5@+0W)I[Y@QZ_'B:0/E_I!(].83JQ<B7.%]N%
MEJ+C]6#Y)434(


M$ON&C&M
M9VST%3;A4]H`1MFUQSZ


M!X7CW9H


M;G;`0N9D%B**&!GML4'CVA
6
MI31!DCHSTW:%Q[882XSTM$%:+:H''MC1%B




M*8%A;I*Q&G/UJ583:#7E:B



MN4'CV@LCQ/%2(JH0U0:-:V^


M.H^T5.(B8C0RO;YE*8

J$)6(*D0UH@91BZA#M$.T1W1`='20ZV*5_;9=_(I?E;@8NCTRA\#M4I(`






J$)6(*HUPH-##?MCQ


J$)6(*D0UH@91BZA#M$.T1W1`='20


48ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$+:(.T0[1'M$!T=%!KJMIJ3['





ME!D

MS`3R6NP:MD:*ATR`*$04(8H1)8A21!FB'%&!J$14(:H1-8A:1!VB':(]H@.B




7*-EK$MI$76#)M+M1L)Y&;`K
MS(!IY*:GUR*?OV4I\O/@8.F6P`AQ%X0:Z?3T<BXV?1%7(;M&]<8L--5XXA.

&2@QU/7C.OK_GP=39I2.YI1`[#8I`Q8==W!Z7V


[%[
M[UCIB'E.7%Y/I#7?_@ZXDQ8WQ:F1.RN*&6^KA29GQ4&&G1.RZGYB$

Q4J7C



B\NBU$%#&R#G4&C6M/


M







2BS`
MFON&R%#51&3TR)U0-N+'*MNUEIH:+X%/X_U%)Z0EG)]WA%K&5D@/3I)A::
MLB?Q8$]J6O/\D)FKUG+E#TYTW94_B$P)Y2VB/6P8JUC-CCAHG
]KRRWF!6



M?YR.9J^]QV2M5`F?]\C]R9R\L[/5%4G*#.^A(J
0I2)$



MAVB':(_H@.CH(

M$


MVF!J2R/K9A60`$@()`(2`TF`I$`RF[B7*K
]_5[R['/B!M-`C.SI2TO10!A-







.HMVPYT47^

(#Z




^8&0)<:.H_X?JC(C!P`C#P`C%P`C'P`C)P`C+P`C-P`C/_3LU6N'^;R

M

7

M`ILH&AR;Z.



@@`8^1T8S0/`R*?`R('`


(@`810`PB@!@%`'`*`*`

MG_RORYM?1\:BZDJ?)NI(;S]2
'MCF4+

_+TQV9]HY[.
MP1)ZU.9&/5N#)2KO1GU(&2I?&;F8EA&?CVF%F-W0DN`KH]E^IOSB*Z
''F_4



M'@NH)/66T*MH;DIO27!-'4MO/D%MMW0]MUX+ME2B'F3#.O2$*?G6UP?TV25
M^/H@H#X(O7T04!^$WG;H\SHWZKL-'@NN2!N]QA]+$BI1GR_`$OH6P8WZT@6
'H8E]'VB&_69RRASQ3=
MJ*]=8`E]FXAL\\T&]!$;*O&M;_2U$RKQV4:?SZ`27SOTL:8;]3D/M(^V72C
MONJ!)?2A)NI1GVWT_1XJ\=E&'WJA$I]M])D0*O&U0U^NNE%?,D$+Z`-6-^J#
M)EA7ZVB./#91I\NHA*?;?2-&RKQV49?2*$27SNWU
ZMMV1+)5MO7WBZ+7

27OJW_/0_\?+


]]^6Y;:NK112)V=AX'\W/JKW2VU9.';/WX=]H.?U:G9




^Q+U_2:J#J02]ZI


M!*$)(A/$)DA
D)H@

M8!/?!($)0A-$)HA-D)@@-4%F@MP$A0E*!6C!A'FB!;._`N.89-8PK.'#
BB%

\(4^(0$


&<B8HRZ2
MB#WR0A&6M5ES^PI%C:R)V



M*4HH2BG**

V1DP6`&RC11A-._6K@#;210BDNJ11)?58S224@E%




MYSGMO
!V_
Z7M

I%1`48A(
MUKM(HLOJ

^S6

WW=+J:5T:NK

M@P


MO&L

44)12E%&44Y105%I8;T


MM

3?V52/*F(`[C'^@RO.D*VX94S

?$(UQ][+L_?\```#__P


MF4K[=O/QP^K
Q8


.4#G




9Q%M[*M4]0T[;

MKMQ'*$#2Q.PN8WPS(FXCL&X@K]

U5=KPT&FY


M='

YX;6RL5EMOFS`8?9^T_X#\WG#+%26I4JINE39IFG9Y=L`$
MJX1[33MO]]G&RQPLJB=]A+@Y'!\?+[/-NO;E[KRG@D7E#4;%$XY)$F8SEM
M#AOT\\?#S1)Y0N(FQQ5KR`:]$H%NMQ\_K$^,/XF2$.F!0B,VJ)2R37Q?96I
ML9BPEC3P3\%XC24\\H
O6DYPKE^J*S\*@KE?8]H@HY#PMVBPHJ`9N6?9L2:-

MG.*LU]8/9_(US3@3K)`3D/.-T?
YK_R5#TK;=4YA!BIVCY-B@W9ADJZ0OUWK

E:!`?CU:JHZ`P+!+_IZHKDL
'Z[D%]
M

M;Z


IL.K9XW9HB:VLVFPZ)


M\#)V5'M[&

$

7C
G^025O/X6V?P```/__`P!02P
$




MANNF.3R
:N.NT6#7X_OH_IP+!<K/6FW':7C\62T6VSV
M0Y/AX7A-CNKM;;





\




@D@)2!)@'R4$2#!
MDD([^P4NQH#%XEE/-OLGVA#

5-
?W
M$94P1!Z=K/+ZHQMC%:=OO58TLL*O#A
$6;IN5W@.I1*;&S^ZH&0VZ3))VN2R
MU].VGLQ%
Q!*E!ULVAW
UI0).D\;
2R%VTY*ON2VU_
UWBQD-I#DZ[9
EJ\)
M.L\7
1U?W-EUIRSXTM5^/5\=+7N`A3C?=.PW;AMTEB_%








M
6ER8L^2(8IK?Z%B*-JK=P.)BDG\C8$^IXTL+(*69M$/9-7).0GN-UJPNL
MPY:4&4BR#JY2$\09A:S#F#0Y=952-V%U?H&U[3V\OGD[

MD@0B72A)IS=L(O.P
UG($\PW=Q?E!#.Y

@(W^E=N/%LP


W7SK:$XS;N%VQ`%+M1*VA%QB]K?M)HK0[RWD

MY0KLI.


M7^
%(RE&]-(%(QE&]+42C.08R6

;`2L\<U;;`2LS8

]_H^*:K`R(17

LW&/A8?Y!V
M-'\!8'YIJ@
V2OB*OVKPY;[^[QI_J5'BJ[
Q/3!YJZJF_06*CKJ__7C^'P``
M`/__`P!02P




CJ







M+\?F=:;[O!EO:(24MY?NYSW



MV;P:[D
:Z<S1F&B9!PU$(0:)9RH2^BG9_`*(YWV+P!W($):N













M.


M%OZ10_F7?_+0(`V_#

M$VY0X1FR;!H8!I.


.3$)$:\<O#8/T90$$L2R]-(R0!Y'$?BUM$Q@-$?[6KX2(=M

+^Y2/08L`PD\-K




M&MVDT+.^$$1_M+6K]U'*H]UQ\=3^^P(=?%7S-$=T`^*FNV],O_N;U_G9
MP_\!``#__P



MV

M!P\BG/JGQ7X8SFO?[S?[^ECU#^VY/L&;7=L=JP$^=J]^?^[J:CLZ'0\^7ZUB
M_U@UIP5&6'=S8K2[7;.IRW;S=JQ/`P;IZD

M;MKC&4*\-(=F^#H&77C'S?JWUU/;52\'X/V%A=7F$GO\X(0_-INN[=O=\`#A


ML_V].=50;1@G-0(O;?M)07_;*A

M.P)&BMAZ^[6L^PU4%




)F^


MUBM'3#;.:%7`@AI*:A#4(`V#E2Q
YOG)*C`
L#DHP8HDBY@4AW65!!$CY2Y
M1!!-11S)EN;;A(59P.TO$8@2%=12H?*!PY#^(I@D4=EMU\Z@I
J3
[LQPQ
MN(F-XX2&9*P%
.5LM2+E*JF/H`9I&*ST80^8G[XV^EG4U5PEB$$DTW3(8K
MLL#W$[N2&L0'$:3A8#&!C6
^$P6VF3`Z17+$()4HX81I@:\-)M0@J$%^
Z)%

MYKYD
/?MU5+@^P@7A_VNI+ZD+N+BJ]H%M=*D8;!8@8#

M&I`F3V)WA5
/00W2
%C)

MV(R4C

M1!BG642V?FDAEBR.PVFZVQ500CR_`BC;=@6(WN4
0=.0%=J-0EBEB7NM'2\
MA&.1IL5FH31V/@M49).%HSX,,9AR&F=4U0L-F%B6CD5\%$2:+C8AI;+S:$F

?)*1R




X8:1I

M#4'Z;#6!`\6(-`*%CH.0D)/7I?6:L20)0K(\A06)PRAEI&[20BSC





&N7X+ARI+P?A6L;WDK0TDFC?4@GY3B\Z<V1[YVD^F'?
MC9B2'5#L1/LLR?%2++YIZI5FNX:\/V4CD[<?O%%;T43NC2AL!'0EKSW/
MR(P`TVI1'#@THXT+Y?X+IEOQYBL%CX_/P4_F+-G9&IU^*!%\5FT')(-97(%

T)X1+H:+=G


$%``&``@````A
M`(FQ







M_+&=7?]%BH26EKRYJ\&TM
3=VA):7/+FKC*UH$2JJ!N39&E-R9M[RK2THN3-
MV?'S


$0P0C!&
I3AW)6VH1\#.G1
2D
M)^IRYO4']4E'FGIE$MB$

4JM!

M/
SV7:##TG!HE&OPZUIE'`Q-T]3(T/3GW:BT?LS3WXP(0:EM99/6I8/`1M!%




$8P0C!%


MCZ

9$I`KLI\A034ZHXA`?SR;


91W..

MZ2!XLK1:M


MS'S[;1!HX?A3M#0U+Y'S0Q\D&F@`35&??OWS]>7BC]5VM]Z\?;X



O]7:_3RXO5A'G]_VVR7WU[HOO\<C)</





G

[Y-$RT
/E
MU#OD$2/FQIEWR$-FH
?
28-TP$-&_

MI^WFYP7E7(KD[GTI


SF4T*2=
M.R
G#(=&T\+L(&1=&^6\

(71W

NS%:?^

2`ZD`%(J8#4
M0!J36!U/6^,S.EY(VQTOR9!V)'H%&-\X*\!!Z+``/&!!$!(!&0&$@)`62

A#Y,*$(6((D0QH@11BBA#
ME

M$$@$)`:2`$F!9$!R(`60$D@%I`;2F


M3Q#


N$1F4G:))YXH


IX=9[#&B%D
15E&E:(5U
MXB3MH


MZ7\XG-PYW5NP1)__DH6T_TJC'O\U2QWUW[#$$?]VGA#'_S.&G*H6F.E`(MJI

M(+GMX';J)+FBUT


M4%)ZN'N(?$9J;H\GSA(;L

.:D
ML*+7;\GZVF]UBM^:]93?V<W$.3XTQ_S:8\PMHKFKQ&^;]V.5'&-G*HK^XDQH
M#C*)K#P`R%.*(YWB?$0!(SW?0D01(VTK1I0PTK921!DC;2M'5##2MDI$%2-M
MJT;4,.K(`Z(H9J[D'^1D64.S8J&0OL[%$)'R$<4(`H118AB1`FB%%&&*$=4



:($48HH0Y0C*A5BI$-:+&0G8L

M$E&%J$;46
@.BR@YF&'Y(!:R0F'%0B)=(5L

MR8$40$H@%9`:2&





MA;3[3*
G*R^4$(Z87A`?#8DGQ$[VD@6@\.<C)Z]+V([`?V_:G
M(\=#TNLA!7L9D)P]</E_YCST*WI=E&P`E)_Y*(YYL*.NEOJ^7N[=:P`T2.#

LSE4V@6TJXB1#$C.:5&0S==


SF^!1:[.E$T/3C44\A




M`1GKM$6F.BV1H4X[=/.=]WXW;]K?M7O:'!#?=(^RW5:J%0S%^=W[VJV
Q%


+

MGH(Z]









Q4#MNXB_2?X\VS;2$'\OM*U$L:<
LE`M!&NF$/R/)($*+/E?FSOSAH-:P'H1,WS37-W(-WW
M+7GV5LAT
^6R(Y(3:0ALB=R(-(2Z30QAF+FN\#0(&T-C62*

C4A-IB.R)'(BT1#I-C.V8TRZP/4A;VX6H(!/9$:F)-$3V1`Y$6B*=
M)L907&N


M$NDT

M
-HQJADUC/:

TP.RBT8U0S:ACM&1T8M8PZ@ZSYH032YI^P

=D9I(HXGM8JA4=!=5A%Z^/GS\[?81\S:&9*'K
Y2\

_L2*^S5#I=HT]G#0P5

(FW;82J?$`#T+92D&;

Z6U4+
MLA02)P

MQ%JNCGH%[Z]L0-TMJZT(C09TD
FFQK/)%W.V%`(G(YGJ$C.3ME0Y;F*7Y-


]^X




WQIL@4E)IC0Q%



=DKL6DJR$Y&OO)+0J/1%B$5[=3
NL%/24'J#/M#U7%VQ&=!



ME2]\I2&D4KQWC&I&#:
]HP.CEE%GD'51*$RTBTZD1:QC3%H(R@9N9X1VC&I&
M#:
]HP.CEE%GD+4Y%#':9C6X3Y@?RQ]C?D18B:;X;L.]P%!)9K1C5#-J&.T9


MHQJADU
MC/:


M*;KPU;^?4
Y+T5Z-+1$%Z13-*%OFQ_



M*BC(Y&R4&K]#F]IEO]2


I(Q==(])*RK




M-P1Q=QD5E..\71#:
:H9-8SVC`Z


_H
MP*AEU!ED;


VH8[1D=&+6


MUT-I3VLZ:66?FRW=HKG.4FE8-_ITUL#+J\E%UZ[#VMI7N6LDU22-(1\Z)V
=@\1P6I4NUL;+JD5%U*7(S]@Z,D-1KC+)3-C?$

BZDNH$Q'ENFD5D8XHOX\F0N
1C8KR(*^3ZAC1V7)&
M;[P$B=




M+#U

VH8;1G=&#4
NH
LE$


Z

WW5=P)FV-MID.^B2@765LB
M.R(UD8;(GLB!2$NDT\2:ZNNU&.F++PH;+N024FF?T4@A)T+VI_/T8DN62K-&
MPVC/Z


M7H10+PVK(%4Q]XO



MK9&W20KMCR;)KB3$B[@D)8\LL-O'VG_NN4DRJ#&/GFZ?A

[8?4+FMO&74)


MC

!/E\^WBF3XM7$







M:^;







M:)=?'J]0K9'%$!E.K?+'F1K*G$M
E;+(1#PR%W'_0*5*VP3I6*I^R=(X2REK

M';'?7ZRPCMUT=4:'XN
2HV.Q8HV.S

!JF2V(GPBK)\%PO;-PJ+X:WF&_<X



MY5ZH82?YG:3RI(2-DD5;9M@I69_!3E1A*C1#]I6!C
6+M4L*&CU_S2KWTQA$
M
HJ=R&R1


*\18I/6&G
MEIDAWH




%;


%5Q.`J8G`5
;B*&%Q%
M#*[2S+G*%Z&G
J50;9KMAJ2*9@;SI6W.'IA/#.83@_G$8#XQF$\
YFOFS`_E




5!3(6A'PH8OK$*

M87N4P@VU


MM''80\'A#7M%V&/=8M
Y
Q3U(Z]LR:*K$^NV)27S]_O;]_V=V]W'UX
M]_W^Z<O]]O[;M^<W'Q]__P%OXL[K]YNO_\_@IW^V8W_=(?30T&8[-P[&^


4WHV&R)
M8W@P4MY05?P.:C$;SLAU9XXZ]X+$0([\`5CX6SX06QXK$0/;PJ53P6HH?W

*)KX85CBSA


XSP*^1IE0.@)?XQI=.(*N%?W9#XZB/ZM^:)1T56%@%/W9







$
M%``&``@````A`

M
3

V#


SO_6
MC6A
TQDDJ\X66W:K?EHMIA8!HQUJ^.T[@A/&G4R6AB3E;6XW1%:JQ'A22-

M-@]Y]CZ`A0734UPC7*;&&M71[(N`-/G0EPXPE:CE*ZIY'(+A
.

MQF^0=G$MLN4BABJQ(PE


VP:
_
M%VJ9694I





MJAR.7$*M=J]%_=I]$FJU!QR%AKM:ERPS)7C\G.961?+K15;0R(4+
D+5/;




5]C'=C1QUA`RZ*S90DMR\Z6%;14EV#Z..8$

M#.JR9XM3TJ7'`CW5QR3-@2W

MP%4WY%(N+NO%C[)^-WO*2KALAP


5`QV#.@9-#-H8=`$0B:!5+Q*1

?
Y`*B`*B@=1`

M5(
1+Q\-I`;2`&F!=);TARPR9
0PGJ#ZJG]_AHP3F2%+@@PQ\-%#AJQ);A+_
MVVTVF48G.#6T#\EAIPSJ&#1#'^=S-FQR_=RV0SN[Z`(7(E%T\DTDBB7/N\_D
MQHU



MK(!9[-X:1*;.2+01J;.*3J3.HJB`%W'NG-7Q`AZ

2A*NYG2]-LHUB:KM?QT@37#;L.2]-9G2C-XP/*_!J1

7&V5
M


M158U^_)5VW!'/V++5G+$Z`*EXXYOC2ARGXV[:NK-92$[%YGCWS,L6IV
C/
MET*D&?G$U(@:1MY7BZACA


^O0X5(
PKK=/#.&U+#5MY7



M1QRBU;/B$VB(G!WR:/31IE9@^/RS!F97`Y+/'%Z=&/9Z%I/KN*!+=F/Y2E
MP4]PCI2QQ[+UQ/2@/LTL&AXZ1$JNY';:F5)'TPO

M8Y'R*.(SMP!&S&UO+D\V#OFYC96/
S@^M^S%GS05(Y[(^2R^?&:+]TSD+%9_







MA7OI\?
'O;X5;YF
PJIP5AY5:*40:40UH@91BZ@32



*27YP;)`
M


M48VH0=0BZ@02



PII?F1FD960P
I29T9WL
MTEMQ`52(%*-J$;4(&H1=0+)_(R3F07*3$9A38#RK-!*(=*(:D0-HA91)Y
M.24S/U(3J#&+02J&-1$_-_%6OB:&CHP46FE$-:(&48NH$TCF9YS&+%!C
@IK

QV2
C.+[V-[*ZZ!I%I!'5

4F@Y%



MTIH?.X&@VJ3O/?6/O
15:1;?T?167`(5(H5((ZH1-8A:1.;35.Y0Z2!LANRG

/


M%LHUW6-.M!24:[J[FFB941]ZR2'1DE


T^)3]E_

M_W%P?\;S=7N@C]O1Y2%]GHR^9KBF[_A
S&LQ#]OM@?]A!AB^CWC[/P```/__
M`P!02P

M+W-H965T

M3^)

M\'AW__WGM]F[B[=O;K]_O/]T]_VWG]_^S]^J_]B]??/X=//]T\W7^^^W/[_]


8)[7_\<O?C4;Q]^_@<=]]N'G[_X\=_?+S_
M]@


X&3MG.!OPLE]-R=B+_NQ/UB:W%=IRO&

R$!D
M)'(
2208[E@O$


1(XAB03#HB42


MS(]Y/#^6DY'

:D8-HY91QZAG-#`:&1T=2@P5LZ`.I4_
/MC;D.G'
MU+!J_G'(;(!




2D85HYI1
MPZAEU#'J&0V

M8#0R.D8HEM)4U

A(YAB26







M


M33ZX'M=;VE]#





&CA?BC6+GXFUVN



!H9'2

C%:6Y1

2D85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V




'0HW
MBSWREZKGO4*
_%JQ9%0)\F5_S:@1Y'VUC#I!WE?/:!#D?8V
CH).OF)%D9]_

62ZLV#






@[;ABU#F&G
MWMROZ9L&.SEE)E2DZR6D?

S




-6+:
N0K$PF+-?DF+&7*6816%7YQO]C
;\R@C..Y-BUBA




%Z4U!9%.9BX
M6UBK



M[+3%0;CNV5D4/C]G5#`J&56
:D8-HY91QZAG-#`:&1TC%$MIENZAE&?TLRO]

MEQTQG..SCP_]U8R*U:,:D8-HY91Y]IZ;%89F7]U\6RZ_-(++UD/^R$+(EE





M&*$XNTQ9$.IGUM^KS3LH\/&/QZ?[;\_^192]+3`B:2V*]QCTIW0/[D18R6`K
M&)6
*D8UHX91RZACU#
:&(V

2D85HYI1
MPZAEU#'J&0V


GYLEHHN^!B2)A*6/4@[Q8!0EKW04K`A
#`H3
M@\+$H#`Q*$P

(RE;J
M5H/DUF0L
2@
#$H3`P*$X/Q*`P,2A,#`H3@\+$H#`Q*!PRI;I@5XRP[J:
M*:@OLPNJHR`G
20L






S4=#]WE&H^[



MZ'XQDL#H:A?87O!JI]X?1T?/Q%4];*K*U_2PJT;#VRJZVVS0J\E!#59TL3-;
M&H;HX\E*KAF=;)G[:*J^9

3
M/Z
%Z//)]WP+T.F3E;0`O6Z94T!_6`6=OAQ?];VI=\.^/U-Z9;8^1@QIT'7F
M&

M*9G1F\DU70EY;%'[?:J54FQK`[-1S#_$K9+;4#@QB:@<Z.]D.
M-7VBLY_3#G3Z%&$^-34)RO1`YF0;(=ZI(%,.-,.E1'0@S+;:R\H&C*C!N=
M();%(YTVM-V9:/3L2





=

MG3

]2I?AG22Z/SD6/Z[<J1DXKO=
M#M\A$)\8Q<&\8E!?&(0GQC$)P;QB4%\8A?&,0G!O%#IL0WFP.A^.=RV6XF
M1!.*D=:LKQTD)





O$
MD


B6G*;].?]+MM*+E;:
M
C4OJQTKY/)D%N0R
8A/#.(3@_C$(#XQB$\
XA.#^
0@/C&(3PSBATR);RJ?


M!O&)07QB$)\8Q







8
MO$)T2[)7<.')Z\[,@$\=*7:[JQ+?<**X-M%KMKDD6*WQY'4+(!7?W=0$6]N





M'KI35KV^7;YLR]




F/MV`.P?P7)_
M&5

M4AMPZ?^A#:-AVF!5&P0ZL32I/(S`2WP='0@U(%(!V(=2'0@[0&*$+#ZB1`V
MF.5Z%T%/L*O`5O!QPQ0BR&T]L]3\('_L,]@R2!DC-!=EC+?'QJ+;L:'&X%8

I7[(2ULMLULPO5FCEB\6[-%IQ'
M$)\@`4%@D0$B0F2$3M(TK-T
&5FF\7RJ+50CG;W!MG3K@ZT@`Z$.1#H0

MGX?8\%7K;70&G4@@W#YA`2)!(3)%(RI%VR(I;$-*[U.MZ^]7B)&HG&D
MIQ`7?5$(1[B



=BU(
O5
MUR!&+;D/S;EES50GAA@BVHP6X1!MX847PLB0THPB@_)=!U[OE'E&+(P)`4
MXYIL8]9?]!]

MSQ11M[SE=T%89H`0-]+


V(7;6?8$YI)E9

MNE&C.[+&
@:S)@(1*VCNSC3;I$-)56'!5(JP/_4$8#(636\.J=8VM?7FB0NM


M/5;H7=9T/_GD9?*'$^C\N'`V`NIW`GBIK-YH/1'4[;M\B70UDXUH@-R\%5C+





MPXMC8P*NVY=E@U]8`GE8O/X/``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#7DJH/ZAX`


F7_\P/KP_4HJ3F0W<@-#T\


N
]*_




M\AT#Y3R6Z\Q8@K/


T3
X$C&G3$2HB]A2:V_9K
MISLN6+-:B/UG#L0!X@+Q@/A``B`AD`A(#0!D@+)@.1`B`ED`60)9`5D#60
M#9`MD!V0O4X
(\8#X0`(@(9`(2`PD`9(R8#D0`H@)9`%D60%9`UD`V0
FZJ068M4I
M*






M




`0;DXB5J#$?@Z6$A0Q+0RMR
MD;9;REB)LI2#I8*%9+N-.SUG&@WTS=$`.LWY#Q+GW)J9`QM?2&5B?.Q$-5



M(QYV
SSG'QU5CEK




B6FO6D-4F7A2

MG*^U``5+R0(


@:(0D9*5X0H9J1T)8A21DI7
MABAGI'05B$I&#5.*B!'J4\H[$[X0MS8&$JERSL33Z$)*H3DB!Y&+R$/D(PH0
MA8@B1#&B!%&**$.4(RH0E8@6B):(5HC6B#:(MHAVB/8&


#1^1
MP4ACUS*RHL8SH+K@60@U(N(@^1CRA`%**$,6($D0IH@Q1CJA`5):(%HB

D0YH@)1B6B!:(EHA6B-:(-HBVB':&\@TT?L**D6AWO'73!@VJL0




%`](+NW
M]AT22U'^6@J';:5=A`UJ(;Q#8E75!49W/)E8UQ<N2]#AO]9C&_-82#=F_E-
_1U$S-?O83*'3
(0D;HR/W+CII'<?.HR4B5?(9HCLA!Y+R$/F(`D0AH@A1CA!E+*
+\THEOWD
MELRHW[TA<AYB#Q$/J(`48@H0A0C2AEB#)$.:(48EH@6B):(5HC6B#:(MH
MAVAO(--M+CMRBD=ZK#

MB`I$):(%HB6B%:(UH@VB+:(=HKV!3!]I.:N_


@4=^(.5PG4?H7(0^0CA%B)$
:($






ML3\8&2@I5A^BK@A1K#(J]?1+3^9KMXF28O4IZLH0Y2ICB_I2;'Z$G4M$U5



$
4JH][XUOO0B9+BHJ:H*T.4JXPM

2




MCHY82JUT

DZ]L96F-WSP*Z
:VUS9$D

M2JF/$26


1RTC=`7@*
MG=;NLY#2'B`*&2GM$:*8D=*5($H9*5V90J=+FK.0TEX@*ADI[0N%3FM?LI#2


MCJ6J=NG3[QW8QX4]B^@ET+K*'-OBKE8_PMC/C)WWGO10J+'6EPH9ZTN-VD:R
M%%)[3T=JUUZ==AFI]O
4.JW=9R&E/4`4





*


MF8:*2T-5(P\FMT.KE5UAZOT:7Q:5&&%40B(*;\O7_ZQ0X8P%VGN[4OQ.9)M5

@V]

M6DK)WKZ=V-]'=MG86;TM3A\7U%V(6VN+1-IV=01HCLA!Y+R$/F(`D0AH@A1
MCA!E+*$.6(D0EH@6B):(5HC6B#:(MHAVBO8'
\2&.&A?XB#R9Z..C0L9)






MQ93\3XVIM'+*;B



C??F)QD]3





^4.KS;#0;@=+R85N`!RSL@RK?+8Q':Y[:

M^*

T/:8TJ8\P`#@W\&Q

=B\UDUY_(=;M2Y)%5NH
M.#!\_KLS'GH3T[&8R(V&KF@(3VPX=&UO


M8LOI61/B$Q(0$A(2$1(3DA2]HGB**Q==SC*K%5'.7''G:.$^(0$A(2$1(3$
MA2$I'VB.`K+]AV.

MXTOND&U.S;[8O*Q*OAE?J#('RH4ON$Q$=9N3GML(NB+RM'7&YR8./&2IVE-M
M50ZD$=9
2$A$2$Q(0DC*23MD)4+LY$HWI3LCQ$34''2BQ"SGL2(6[BLL_
H:T?Z3]!*]#]V9]KD:+%E?Z5)+78^:I?SA]
`#^.P?D!4V35
M*BR

MZSI:7:3

;CI
M:&M;B97$J==`



[*[

<Z14LT2=KW0+%T;=

M`:CIR5X&;DW
M_(
Z?CA5TW^3J'
C'CQZ!)K;4ET/3(^&G6K7T!1B*A3CRB*
M$75:44I(IJV]GUO1*VY6KR(NG&N*?(IB@**8HHBBE**$H5I&2$#9--
L+V

M('B$^



J+W)TKD-+ES2

H&/9`]P^W;.GO/?L^JY.-6#0[Z#0)KM]ZN*W]_Q

M3G2^E57R?`6_O^E6DG+M]@.2+_*T*NORU
Q`3J
+Q3ZOM;4&2KO-

M*CMMU2?=B75;U7:;-D#_Y-E[/?B_4E_*]Z#*C[_GMPRB#?M$=NY+%^(:70D
M`9K:+3?[L?E7+,3LGKM?FK?`^S_'QI8+L7X!%QS#E^=[,ZA8BS
Q8$*6T
MO



M47DB

M0AE$

)N#-

)(5#P


T72WGB^-'$XD;`-)
;


MR&[J/MT1PK4FR@J*C.%)99I2[WI@`\&*!]+%R
/(QRC`*



M+GAM;)Q576^;

M7T7/H=C0)MN`K93W%GI;VE?@'+[POG$-^*90R2NZ:\UWN?_1=T8Z'8*=F\






?MM+`!G)_&_C@<+CO




6(:XU;C\QV!YIIR
MX
HZ
OZ\B
M$8([P:CXO

M9L!\A
&LK@F9W;9'FNAH2,L8M27(H@/47DB,DL3H1\5!#]UY7M.

9T



BT_NZ1O9



GX-+5LN0O;)8D?[_T8B$B





Z?D:AR0Y!T%B36H?]#/S1*+MBG[V<NC_K:UR4
MAV,'T^W`B-#`%KOW;='FHC0S$P'

0@)/0F+Z

M8LSFCF.[\T^00+I^./`D/?%FAJV[GQB

6J'5#5@M7O6$?4\Y
MTC$'IQ:\?CBU)JP#+S7J'13-RX*1L2P
N2
+CIG#(C]XQ_;Y400LB(XBE)!(

VK


QA8:&B0RE


)'#6YF



M%%]




MN.#[U@



MMA#NR2ALUW[T]




T%(6
!^GJ18+HM

M96@$Y^D:/]8FP9`$FBMHE%CB$(/I))V\T0:

MC%@2$*1)T`8

MUJ&76/






M

M+W-H965T-C


M@1@@%HCC)#46XL%P8S%

6CF8$:\1Q
MDAC-1\6=LSJ]=?C6E$]*I&)K#1`%1`,Q0P0QTEJ;%3`R6/*N-&:I.+&9#I1
MH-%`#!`+Q'&2&AN5:7+
-/Z:DZU)*FY

M6G(
+5FQ$.FB)55OJ@.B@&@@!H@%XCA)C86T
+PQ8[:XU9@R@72Y)`J(!F*`


M&H@!8H$X3E)?(3P











M]42!1@

&!`%1`

MBAN#Y`

M*




M;?MZG+QLGKR5^5U8D@[QY43QB]/^[?P*EJ_[DW^IT/E_G_U+I#;^S23S.R]^
MVN]/[U]XP[/+:ZF^_`\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`.P9#_O8%```*GT`




`U5QVB%ZZ;WQB4NDM
]


*-[N''R;JK#O7


U0V\_

M+C


ME6M7=$.2Q.4:)9'+D31SN6YJ#;O;**D2=S;+HEG;GM)/G.D5$`%94DHOD!

M5`1#1#!
(I@?22V2)@
A*ER81C#=`]2X



3.AF;ZXO$S[]
MAF*WEL@O'0KUIK!*T1
8!ZQ2(G5AE1(#LZEZL6YURXAZ941G%'4,SW[)32#
M$IISG\8,];$YJ*$YM*G

MNK(GSWRER#-A*?+
6(H\4Y8BSYRER#-I*?+
6HH\T[96



M'=CGTZR

M2!E1Z!.9LUN23K_
M&K3BM(IF8ETY6IFH/CGJ=WU4A-52LU4\4Q5Y$0\4Q5!


MS62(/#.Y5C$3.?1
9(H\\YBB4M



E8E\2Y:VB:9D$2QJ+X^O[H4IBN!3T+SBSH6SPX-R
MH047%EQ:,+)@;,'$@BL+IA9<6SSX





M&`1I$


MMV!AP=*E06W%MQ9L+9`!0$@7D]P3V?P3&AP4&AP$.!B0(7!38*?!08

1;EB9$'/@C
+^A8
+#BW





0


U?U%CX@.BVT




A;?V&/*F+VF

@:9@%R!


M/N
R1^*%`]O18-N&GEDI6

M`8OWO=GV?;;0C[)Q.R?2WZ7D*#!U^M
P^7957U:UQ!8U-5Z.H#4WKPGJG2C`

G1#^:O0S.T68:+*AJ8+T@
Y`^F##$#.088@%R7(.0



K6*.UG:698RA[1&6Y669(?R_==
AK5
.UG:69:H

*4:6%&9TR9GLK
J8IU.+H\/U^'__;^7K?[K:\@OIH_7W_K]LB4:-SA





8(-]3OZ

+.
`PT)\-T'^L!#46N::


^
M6B31@);K.AHJFJYK9JAHNZZ9H:+QNF:&BM;KFADJ.JYK9JCHN9XCAHJNZ_H8

MH$'%(&A!LRHM:$!


0

*OJM
MJ[!8Y;;G*[2

Y`;D#G(`F0)L@*Y!;D#68/H
SGLL$I(
M1%OUT1IH2&.%SNJC




I:V.4TWK@^J_G'_;3.^?_WV^/)V]+3YJN.C3WO5

MS_\G`````/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`


MAV
+QQW#CG!C#[L?*F\RR@L,PMB7FK3@``?SIE@:4!&4F_=W^_%KOVN''#

?Y




M&AY$
IA^$-V?&PRXU'0L%$NL2-03:71^HEB46V(
S]?B(5$TW&W*P/3!]*9S


I-_*'ELWXICF+C[/$


MB15'7B\XQ8.Y]5E'T(^CBN

;*3B






:HS%$UDA(_:`C]U^/J1Q]ZMN7'O\
GNHO24
MCMCD@_^+'S6:3@0N-L*)L\21AY'XR-F&I!K2E%@1Q2



/-%%1OHXP5


MG
.-SWP&XGU5M?T/^
)TO7A^^@\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`(V$9X8D




M&`13OV2B(LBP5-=PRP37^0R:[DE4$2Q0MFH'Z=BUJ_L97)-70E4T^[^B:1



%ME
J@6#)2T5('7:RX0@U_F.LDDWTW7FVJ8

M?AL1-)0Z^Y^

M=M[KO+5!_?R38P+



M

II:X(Z^C79_6E22[%
+?V2M3SA%_TTU)Z&S4DCQ6!XKW@:WK5Q
M
3-JU*73^EGJB:3'#*;G=E]RT=:'U\XM1D


MQ:&]J-'M_=K:H-D+-UF_AMM#)
5&;D9)&QC'%D7#;@G


@8

M^3L&*6I`ZG:#2JT/T)`3M4CGQ


MCCG5VS

X_0L7(#X*434?Y/ZC/2C?_0\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A
M`

A%2:J&JENE39JF79X=





M#JLSB);`_'I$$(KWBBPW@+.BC#XP;%BV@5/D+N\A-H:T`+W^M!`T1VB8@G


MK_VI%3FD)QY(&Y`Y)5K:


M_U
1.*_CO5)@URM(R-35W1J0E1#+X0D_8BT`K];P.RIV#(SW[B+0NU%?
MUL)@9KH6R6PZ.)^9LQPE+RESO%+C9?3=56#7*ZA%
JB%`5D)L0R.-%SO\=(*
M_&XM#
B2M@R.-((&



S/0S;QK-^3C-2U\')V4,,Z@MO76\U#
M8HN6,!M@@`_L&3PPM#WL%V^=WA/OF.^IZWP:E(Y2280??BYH5@/B3K]##:
M,0F37?^LX5'8.I


TYHL[*]B6M;N

MOR:89U!0D)GX4ZF4T0H
P%^K)G)G0$'02_?_2')1KNQ@-IE&;N`!W=IA+AZ)
ME+2M[

%FP;6

P)W
M2$G&E


8-4@4X]+!5`
&

8

M?_#E=6W@&V\!


MVR`4AN\G[3\@[NOO;R6IFE3=*JW2-.WCFM@X1K6-!:1I__T.D*:V
W7I36+P





M`FPY?]3H?:6G8+%[MOK.%.[0!6MR;Y5/_CA*V6[1D&U8PA(QU54+[=4EI!0
MD'&6N5O`4#\(LZID\&)(0\F_\#JU2SQ&'BQ*D7^HC+97JCFE)C
J]5+S[


G8P/L;:WB)HU'DD)Y9





ML
XF'[``@``5`<``!D```!X;]W



M8BV5!6^K%?[U\_9B@9$VIU((UNVPL],X\OUYT_+O50/NF;,(&!H]0K7QG1Y
M&&I:,T%T(#O6PDXIE2`&7E45ZDXQ4K@@T81)%,U07B+/4.N/L(ARY)3=B/I


%78+@\SZUAGP7:&E637
MF!]R_Y7QJC;@]A02LGGEQ?,-TQ0*C1!
K5

+;KECP.'EHB%-7/.AU5X;[+[GBIYB_



SB^N/Y*)Q^^.GYU9WEWO\OM'GEGOLJQ25:QL=S2V




M)`+
E*@

?K9:E.%BPY
M`*Z.
2Y@=P&9N[+0)/I_5^=H$8Y`FSK.RY;4$)*FCN^]KU77_IO$-'DE:T
?9W$00/,F8ZP(1%A!F+B^4-*+O$;QH
))$F\0)_PB7:3*9?F0D.
M&LQD;LR$1#23J3L1\QF':![KD&O\:3`--%!Z]$G3-$4CQPV9&=;UE8MBDU@8
M[=^0Z-S^T`Q$+*Q@.%QEOO6`PZZ^623B#&9@8@%-87K.5QJ&:442EO8J[2
M5@6/!W

M$1T6??YQ6-H=-%A?#$X3;`\A5W'-2

M

]KH7N^3H&J0O



?7H
!1

M7E+I[?7





5
M```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M$'

M]E97SBMMNY(U&Y?


M5YZ_6

MYY?SK&#U&4P\E579OPNCKE

M.0^)VFM.O=0#2]OUOH05\+`[+3ULW.]DE06^ZVW7(D#_EO32*;^=[L0NO[7E
M_H^RH1!MR!//P!-CSQSZ8\]?P63/FOTH



Q&!
.R



`9
M!DCY(/
\=U+D8;/*YJ#=6*@`($1(00A

M;-1VIB/R?Q+7
7-.%H
MO6SLII<@22Y55![7H[;;4\FJ;9`&USBH6^%KYT$(9<P-


I=323(+6P<9K=\_XD01;H+P]`$J6Z1_T=<3]);WU;;T<D
M1Z(P,R1(DM@J&[1S14`W#I6GYV:2(/LHK&KAC(B.HKZX.<EIR8*E%.'SF62
M.ONV.H^(#H)D^Q!ETY;
KN-FK_


*^]*08





`%PJ
M98\+]Z(
#_WZ-P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`$8A*?QO`P``0@H``!D`



QPSJ*='WF'=
E<-6Y1UT9)'^C





.:QOHCV*BCXBY*IHIPK:#R55'-)
M_LTE@ACN@4!Z/AZ(730-)FF!'N4%*X4-OC2'ZA&`Q



\ZA0




M
^W)EC?PI9J9@:6:NOK5G&6=YOJRH^8.S73#34
LS5-1RR*$3&[V6VJWEC



M/[\$W^O!.]&EW']2(O\B&@[)AC)A`392/B'T

X+MJO
M=[G_S



9;Z^0XQS`S

;//3I^1Z[+-$H:3V&V%KJ%@CB-1)].JLF/9#IR:JRU?\ZK2))
[
M'+D1E+:W]K?!781']\2^@ENBFZE^_P&F=
NV_M36]%H4O$*`-O`JVA[)RW

$%``&

BT[802S0D99F_[Z6X

AN-.BX
A_L
+
=




M97T_D00HWY-`^^DD;+`075'B);IJL#[W5]2BKNA-MLN[?+UL\*L!.Q?6O[WF
MI`[8(6'F]J*F$(9[SV]@-


\^7AXI8!!04H;




JMAW]A3==*`4E
MXJ.]LQ_[XU;


-:AA$-#QU2'R.7(
M

MNE7:I&G:Q[



HJD_F841!KBWIE(]
$V)O&0K%2__61!NJS)J&!SX8$
M3_WQ:#*['L`2V!F9`N^)(JNEX#L/=@UHRIKH/8@7P'R\(BA%8V\U.$9SY
%D


M16WDG$D)?J8L,Z/`]'W,]@G0K[3N\CJ9
4D]:&3E+H
_
?8UV]/L)I7A




MI;U1O#8MVIHK:`O-UQS^!E!H@$(?P!GG:G^C5Z7]8['Z#P``__\#`%!+`P04
M``8`````$`K'-4`OJ7``#V90


M-BYX;6RLG5O3VS:RKN]WU?X/+M^O6.=#*LFJ98D4SQ0EDOO:XW@FKHGCE.TY


MO__GIW]]_O+WK[]]^/#M%7GXX^O/KW_[]NW/']^\^?K^MP^?WGW]X?.?'_Z@

?G
MO_[UX_L/Q\_O__'IPQ_?C)
O'WY_]XWZ__6WCW]^96^?WC_B[M.[+W__QY__


?^R7


.1_?CK?XX?

MSI9S

TMZZ
DZ5U0G^MD_D/N_5ZM=EM

M-#=O!T-_N1\/GXB];4M_O_]$S$F%MQX
_^`N/'LJYJRLX1_??S+F)`+3%U'H


M/*R'.2MR^(=M_1U38\Z:'/[!G7CZA+`XYZ+.[\@3U;G\`_N2U`)Y;B\`_;





M'OB)
1VL_3&UQ)F40(Y`(B`QD!.0!$@*)`.2`RF`E$`J(#60
Y`&R`7(%4@+
MI`/2N\0;0+H

@)2`(D!9(!R8$4


[

MD-XEWE@.-3MO



M5N6$HS5:4@IQKE`W_KH;B14'C
4[HY
@\:4#)N)*C/;;G1\P%2OVGHEW1CFB
MPJ(U32
YGMW

MOO=\^9H;JAVHN=L:\.VWC^___O8SG2A2SYUTLJ3:HZU(FIJ)ISB+7
4!.@YE
M?M+EDO88



M7(&T0#H@O4O\@1]*-$\
O*GHD)#X)+X=;HL.
]P=U:5:PPYL%$X#UI-KM%@K
M$47L:F_NE.VV
[5]B=G782TSDYLY`;31LD](^A1:JU6\UN/U*%G[/4FYR-

M;71E(^E#*RAP#CJV

E;`
\E+M?K?26RYK

C:
MDBBVP:6T%6M2WH3T!NH]MIHP1CIXPXJ:\7


M+'LVH:#WQM*7[5!N?&*'
)@KV1KDY4-UY_PP/)#T8CZT?H+3/1X\W3NHVY7M



MQOHXVHQ9L]FOBX7.WWK-1XLIK/HZ'':)AEM.&KJ1Z4LH0XFP;-P6$!I/1#



M&HOH2DVFQYT

M!W.U-AKDK8UJMWQ8&!NY`7X$$EEB=_:T$


M9B.)=F8D9[-A%#R;%[8*!;RRD01L$76

MJX1GD)N
K=Q#G)0J&7E2#3]G
MLAC

/,@H'S,0P'+D82%SZ@3?KV5;GZBH8MQZC<-SS2`)Q&X[KK[2J!'3Q0N-*

MVK-6A.38G(Z9M

17B:AB)+YJ
M1&=&XJM!=&$DOJZ(6D;BJT/4

'V]#=
MB2&*$
6(3H@21FB#%&.J$!4(JH0U8C.B!I$%T171VB#E'O(7^HASKW$T
]



#*FBY85`%'5O94=AO
M=AM5?.O9Q.V!




MBI&XJM&=&8DOAI$%T;BZXJH922^.D0]HYLO?^PI$3TS]H.YVC49Y^LZE[4

MU?'U;#)Q?+XJAQKJ$QG)E%R]C&20M\2I$LYA^-$\B=)=XC2)K`WET=M;+U?+
M_9U%CEH%U*A])A`W]:/0+TO4_

M!W?B+D&O5_#:`NDX#H_`:KW2MW_[J2B^J)XK?R^Q_&V1E^K@3A\;R80Y
I)[

J&*
&CPU[=`\?YNLE




7AK0TZ-W;D\/-N-\U

M)-(*`J=^X/NWIX.!\S$




B

1JG
*((D0QHA.B!%&**$.4(RH0E8@J1#6B
Z(&

Z(4H0I8@R1#FB`E&)
MJ$)4(SHC:A!=$%T1M8@Z1+V'_'%]KA2XQE*@1=X4QJ^WB)5

M


SDG%
MBMUGZM'5%CTPA=AQ(K=5^BK1G2VB$X.-VP07;#A%5&+#3M$O=?0U\ESQ;DU



H6B?FUSSQ83\?U)\ES]=(/U4XN\?*E^^'&P-J%\&;&?X..U
M\6`UGGI]4D\/Q$D?BI,%X^0/QE&FS&7<F3S'-%NHS\!606#UN#P#*0!<@%R

MDI&)O]S


2)-N'$R3QD<H
M3C+VA063\A'8QR#GJ[W^;D$VF-S+E:I+X<M(&SIA]W/MO`.WV#4&CPV[#%X

MA1CQS@9V52ZU#NRB@UT6LVDN
Z

M


M
)@K-1CD+\7JPN.PL4:2F8^((D8F

MLN?)#7@G-5DKB=ABQ(Z1.3[Z#
9&OR.Y9Q
WG)

MND%UV!@;J6@?@426\

$@
M.;@L@)1^D
U^M5&GHPK&J



&7:FQ#)P$=$46,.6LMBOUB$W
)A-3QLK+]DEF
M:
+M!*6




)/DTC(+)Y\)6H8!7

M6D;BJT/4
[KY\M5P[Y[!\[D+[QEL#:)T





M/UAIPM+ZUA:QW2V$O@H_L)&DFZ



MO2?^'94QO(RFMS@/E2!N7OQ$9Y&7Z-35Y\':2**+N%6PN!(/5J-0G2
SE0;P
MF@!).8XMEJWTLRY9




9$_;9:!8`FW

U&$NR
J+'HA=60&[H!










ME8@J1#6B

2\-A5%=WNV-TC/8?V0D9C)'!Y;
M
HK0*D9T0I0@2A%EB')$!:(2486H1G1&UZ(+HB:A%UB'H/^6
]U#.?&&M3
M_O3&VB)W#@
Z[@%%B&)$)T0)HA11ABA'5`J$56(:D1G1`VBZ(KHA91AZCW
MD#^N0XWKB7$U)3%O7`WRYC!^)F4_6O%\/2**$
6(3H@21FB#%&.J$!4(JH0
MU8C.B!I$%T171VB#E'O(7^HGRLL[K&PR
B=PM9*T!&M(D0QHA.B!%&**$.4
M(RH0E8@J1#6B

J$)6(*D0UHC.B!M$%T151BZA#U'O('^*A'.4.

ML#


^
!(9..1`:,1&:8J%N_)+(1C
.02(#=R0R80R
MPX:WHXO(MBH$B6PTXQ`D,G!'(@-&(C/,_53*'4:*@K:D*&D*/!'\@%&\G';

B]


M;X'X&9C4&8ZH]#I4BUV]WAX)H&7K)=V:*K-;^)C/#'
3)25M]0L#$JXQDU6-
M=*L1R=8Z
TEY0P.JM@V4QLAD7!YT-J2
IIV25#4BI7IQ%O
Y[1K]
TI*#04B
.Q&;-)&&1VH1WRS
QZ7104B@$)8D(XU:9HYR
MO=CHKXN01



P`!:++:!8*

?N)E#6WQ6])
F_GEGGKH!IM$JQI



)6
KM(
M?+:E



M3
K2CDE8&I&N;*S)4TZ2FHBCI#34HMT\^'U7J'-3TJ:8O*VGE=DP/SVJ=8$D
M9JTD%5)Z!$8B
XQFTNW-(U#-XS9N6KPC-/!



@)&
HWE/&4X*`M




2(3!2H64F(+US
M3NU;2876@OY
QB


@9$
H2UI
M#MAE9-*_ZQU&8H*VI!Q@)!7+;OZ4
(8RL2N

^DN)49K)^QX


M%B-N



N
6(6XRXQ8A;C+C%B%N
N
6(6XRX
MQ8A;C+C%B%N
N


$`
`\0P0`P#Q#!`#`/$
$`
`\0P0`P#Q#!`#`/$
$`
`\0P0`P#
MQ#!@9

MZ+/1%Z.O1M^
OAO];?3#Z*?1+Z/?1G\FE)+=MFP\IV]_9-#V-=I\=:]L7-L[

P


MA`P'$9\)UU;=:4R
GIVA71NM5L`U
6137VP30R[UQ2@QE%)?G!+#(?5%'#'

MMY[]MP4($*-=NCQ'L_%2D`W#DFC5BV*)&)8$*\L^?Q'[X3Y]0P=KKJB(1QH=

M$=K&8&51Y@D[#^F&CV6




MM^WC4=1_^%ZC[$+/=WF%C8ME_A+KJ\-=:=272D2-?KLS'EMIULY[/J%HF@?&


V+5
MBSH$W\X

M0
E%586(FBJ!FV+(N2Z;?MZ

RG%UDU
M.+:*H6MA^?2F&8^SBZKCZ4WN;EO.H[O_[(W%?=FYGMY8!.-P1AW2.LB6KI.
MVI&+*@%;9]YCZ.EK364IEUK
+[L*G










%0E4+1UK0L:

=H;<JH#18BBMO@@LAK#JBZ5B:*J^2F&@.J+
M=&)8I[XX)O:CL7Z=P2&-AT3JBS)B.#+V36)LV]8W7!8?RC;W=%FLK!\N:UVT




0P0PP`Q#!##`#$
M$

`
0P0PP`Q#!##`#$
$

`
0P0PP`Q#!##`#$
$
.`D24#MHVQ6PPH&VFS
WZ9WFVR_K1F]84AF89#
M
C$D:WT'`_RPE]ZLED`R#8=D8DA6V+:6=LER21KS6H))--P2:&9(5QHFI?


5;X3:
]
M;
W.CL)D**/TVTOF0D9X'[7JQ\SWD'0EP_N]2@B?A\7WC'![JG3DIS3YMT*X




M)?1

5B?@4@8K
[`AQ08#D:+
M


M?

?&^GB?%NQS


Z

R7/-^]S%M

IA;67P^B1K.X

M=ETV/1Z&Y?6:LMBKLMBKLN@;+)8ZSQ/
753





7D
MT1^^+XQF9Q;7DV&L:Z557[!Q.#HFAU




M53U$;3WK+
'48/S3)UCV'EU;U]XLM\+:TFIXD2RPT;.?5DR.=FG:ITGKNH

WV^4X@-]KY)




MJ#
BZ8P(.B-RSHB8
R+EC`@Y(S+.B(@S(N&




MDHDA66&7GCK2F]422*;AD$P


7^G'?FN.`AT;`7K0:!C8SL'

\#HC-
X(9S-V8S0,R-,S`CK,D*Z
MC!`L(US*&\R0IN


M^W[^4NT[KLE:A7!+)9!+#+N69?-O\U$N^NZ614.5P



#VQG
M11QKC2?X-'-0.(^

T9=_6M5QPM7U*(;K;[3Q*[KV
MLO@5[5+9].X*YZ(O_YPOBX8Q7^+AJUK/0-H&&SW%&-FZ]JKYE.JRJ*J]&S




$=]
ML46
=5!]
4B

















M


M`#$
$

`
0P0PP`Q#!##`#$
$

`
0P0PP`Q#!##`#$
$

`
0P0PP`Q#!C9
M;

M%^S;@GU?L+\7[


MKXYF)*]V)]&\F(D+T;R8B0O1O)B)]&\F(D+T;R8B0O1O)B)]&\F(D+T;R
M8B0O1O(C2\EO&SIC\I?BC@V@_F'57_S1NM,:/N[5!%V;D76&1%U1B2=$4%G
M1

M;)G3-__DYLC4UOU\9=/:'NTXHK
?*:%!:37_S$

M89@8BBU+I


MFM422*;AD$P



Q#OML_70



4#8C]

MA7!+)9!+#+L*RV73V42YZ



M514&$PMCVOWKW__/O_3S2!R,3LR[/14U-ZVGK4<
@8;

M$5I%
5H


GVPPXO'_`N:4[M6;;PO

)Z/`@7

=7Y;O

DF^[8:/DE]:=+?V^:I;V'S5

MJ2\:B?UHK$\W+-%X6**^6*&$F/?),VGST*


GJ.5S:6^W3I0]3Q`+3.(ZV.`&FO.`(T7A]!
MNJ2A]NX1H+F.`

4'R=*4V+:S]Z;$E;\+VR[O6BL+F]?*
MQG9G0+3JER!\%T/P-MJP5HJQ5JHO#HNQ5JHOHHHAJOJBI1@*JB_:B:&=^B*9
M&$*I+Q*)(9'ZHHP8CHQ]DQC;IO8HQJ6+9=D$GV_]@O6E_=5Q^^'C)DIG+'AB


K



Y

Y

Y
5(




MI1^5]&;UA2&BAD-$
;0K+)5(S\U#N]:LED`[#8=V8FA7V*4?E?1FM03::3BT


M-)!<?4NS=(W1N[3CRIP/X;CGW9H^B21Z=JUM/#=&AL


MS0A9
\+
BLX?*6+61O5(D3`C?
L(MS)K8S0*.T&5!R9-L1'!TI7_:Z^*N4


3%:[-5#SC;V

ME::?^J6-[F!I54Q?



MNQ@MAL1MM%H!91L[7P%E-1K*BN%G&ZU6P$8Q;%1?;!1#/?5%M
;.'S&B:31$

U:,G5\L6&5];3U_:Q_7%<8PWDZ<WDCC?
M#J2^4IQO72M#^F[KQ[S6]=^=




M29Y+E^2M?98DV/2^6NSU\5X


MB%N
N

T[W9?M\?M-1V/1GG*+=P
A=

W

W

W




N
6(6XRXQ8A;C+C%B%N
N
6(6XRXQ8A;
MC+C%B%N
N

MA!?#`#$
$

`
0P0PP`Q#!##`#$
$

`
0P0PP`Q#!##`#$
$

`
0P0PP`Q
M#!A9
F#;:;O%@+(S-QL0;)KP8DQX


M;C'B%B-N



Y

Y

Y
5(


M89`L[4.Q_K1F]84AF89#



INO0TZ]K6A3;]N\E^`NKB
M=J2Y5:<ZVR#MPW.MMGFZA6^Q@/2XPZ






#




MHP).20J=HH%GT6(7#;='


LT@:Z/M1J:P!=
















M+JVVGN`=6UD()61`?*4






M`)-HP3C09-H=$.)A1;1Z'T2T&B@8O$PHAHM#6)A1O1@$1B(4
TR)!8T!`-
M%L;8`(M!?]_:$AE27EN2$6;+[/Q,WL:4G$[=I7UP7ISIB.Y5IKSGN6A^'4G
MT'$?9FM



M/XFEOXD&:Q(+:Z+!EL32WT2#)(F%)-&@1F)!1#00D5@0$0TDQM@9@!NN]!
`

MK`_7TX*LA_;;!IAUS:^F&Q:^YP

B)P
M=C?_<HEBO)8%?4+^

(:K4UBX48T^IC$0H9HD&Q
MH$:+(RQ`0ZP02`=:7MU=E=R8:)7!1MONK&;Y+0EHK;L8NN#S:NR20_'?;!
M+OS*=/










M0$`T$!`-!$0#`=%`0#00$`T$1`
!T4!`-!`0#01$`P'10$`T$!`-!$9M1F`?


WV[DTXGNU\]X




[0[E2AV]*+64:+44:+24:+04:+.4:+
4:+*4:+(4:+&









0+5K
MJU



N3(/5J4XB'KV]0
#


5JO;;



MN=8785D%II/]&&L=

M^&F#+5
&/S$0?*($*8

M*!\N75YLXOM+WK:PL?%%Z-Y5+W:ALU
'[Z?@A^873D%9:ZRQ8];Q%/3UG'[D










M:=KRC
*



9#S]./X2V7:B$






M5EF2T6!)-!ID&XT9#:C8^O2(2M((:7&]$YI_O&:ZUD_ON]V%:#0YT0!`-``0
M#0!$`P#1`$`T`!`-`$0#`-$`0#0`$`T`1`
`T0!`-``0#0!$HW6(1KE%H]RC






^)]I!HCXGVE&A?$NUKHCTGVDNB?4NT

M9#CX$0U^BC9=`_5=KH-;30%2
AQ(B09219LG2M[E.KC5%%`FP[T
6I^46!VX
M2Y.&;WR#8G.K24%Q3#JO+-B7SA

O!DI*U7E!*@@B@9V13OR+M?!
MK1X8V


4'.%T[U@U;:
\:

;9P
M$:9OKF8#ZC@T_/K0JU\`!=]QY$@0V
:!(?24@6FI:P.#9AVXSV+
#IG5J=8'
M





7]^L

![+O7#S
M&UNRWQ)6MYX6AB0M#.5IPW
67)V2%M0D!:B)!FJN^1?6]_K*PNHQ'F=LPZ`H



M?-


=DXC_X0*T






#)1K`T-C'!CP3AD8\-8&AK@X
M

!%=X\U]*,0]IFD`8_6`B[








M:&U@8(H#0TZ4`



*J)`56T:#5


MVTX/4'PA#T`RI:M@@^435O9`SAU-[\J9:\)K2[CG,99`.26K^X#(+LV1LHL
MP+:[K58#W)/1XGYP`LA^@'O35N:




M+.*!K@2Z6BT4TE%@A%`T*)A3C1P$MB@:EIRS

M8Q=8\X]MT[7^5'ZWNQ(-`$0#`-$`0#0`$`T`1`
`T0!`-``0#0!$`P#1`$`T

MT2BW:)1;-


MVA_L&?2??O_UK__S3[=@\_K`#CVBQ33;C=EN;
<FYV5C
M^\D?0$_C;#_Y0]*IS?:3/QV<V;:VG_Q!V-1F^\F?R4QLVQOVA4UN8U^V^QN

M3S9)W






MN]V?A!;98/VZ79LCA^7+M[S2:S\9/:



S3-R_2

MXCY:')O
]FCSPB8[5Y[
QB:S?3';U]SV;#8V6=R+V=ADMF]F^Y[;WIOM`YMD
MKK'MS9:-^='BV&2V3V9CD]D^F^TASX=M;[8L[OEB=\6Q\V8:O0B_F(U-9OMF



*7UN[4X
M-MF8=V9CD]GNS?:&33(FMFNS97%O+8Y-9GMG-C:9[;W9/N3YL%V;+8O[:'%L
M




8F

MLG.P8VV3%\-ML#







1V(^II9'YN`QG8





MF\

M__K;;W_4_^$!_









M]S?U#W

\YI\N-N-.H?]@VFXRF

MSCQ/ZDC:F;-KXJ094[E\5#;O+ZA6:4Y\HMG^7Q^&H\G\W=M_T13]R8AN`B)?
ML62%FH^5;R1!+$$B02I!)D$N02%!*4$E02U!(\%*@K4$&PFV$NPDV$MPD.#H
M@+?4QFU#4]O^CH96-JJAN85N&-B6'XE&905GB22()4@D27(),@E*0H):@D
R`[($<@!Q=


M]M6MB*V;UIK)JB6.D2ALW?HX&EG8IA6Q];:U9K)KB6
DMNW/HYF*MKLT(K8
M^MA:$_&Z).U_?T>75#9^ES3$Z9)`(DU$!Q1;\+@5\
MBMBZ`*


MMZ;%.*ZMBJ-OT&N%:&TSNO83O_MMK(KMM^BU0[2W&5U[
4\?K(KMCYZ7WU/4



]D#='TY-;%%KQVBO;7GNC\@.GH9


MEYT@2A%EB')$A4$V]+(EW:%71C


MKB7=WGNC&=
ZHVV7T4S


MZAEN&]-T)D^-U8-(ZE`CVIE;%?2H5L2!QYSO^O3



YQ






M$1W=M/D_=7$W!=R59](50A4:#CZO+X_C$:3$15-^S3%]&*17T1K:V(VV.#


M%EFV=MU%5@%-H..:6C517`_&8NW3]`:RA0BZV?=:OC:-TV0'8MZ;[$?:MA



.&9RS#A7`^F

MOA:+[,K.B+R!HAZC;9W@.P??G4=7E+GY\.'DXU_]S?(G6HMZAD.++)-$-*
M&-G)
+6HVSUCD77/$16
K'MI4;=[944\7=6(&D0KB[K=UU;$[AM$6T0[B[K=

M.9M91U[)

Q]959MF39XG%C9R81Q-;B6

[Z;:?78TGX@3H
MV!6)W^_54P?9[X=TGU!+`_7XY\P95-F(&50C;P9MD;TRN7J/U.\2D-78SG$Q



K$36(5A9UNZ^MB-TWB+:(
M=A9UN^^MB-S]?D(W7J^?]#\W5;.B[@^V-/J%0+$6N#&RF?WUJR6B%&
*$&4


4A7A%_W-#G^AKI7+F+:T\BK^Q;U
MU;T675_I!_^70W$`'8]:@:WVUIA1:E14?'=9F;52!_VCRZ'8HN16P
:%-694
M6M1=5F6M3%GBA+^V`C9NK#$AO]G4D;&[FGMA&M(GS.Y3ZI%&7ONTJ/LZ(I-O

M.J#90(SF@M/[XBE9U!=/%1)!/#6K=#RC@;@3-YS>$8\W,?R>+-_$)[D_B1I
MT&DWS[]?#Z\Z+8UJ1K-
MW(]G/!#S2

N:T71`

%6HG&*JT
C];?$QH`A1
MCA!E+*$.6(D0EH@I1C:A!M$*T1K1!M$6T0[1'=$!T])#?Q.HTYQ5#W!S^
MV$.CF[$Y-+(OORT118AB1`FB%%&&*$=4(H158AJ1(V'_/J3YR[.$#G_/3)Z

M:(UH@VB+:(=HC^B`Z.@AO_UI)GW%Q$T/_N689F0?$B\118AB1`FB%%&&*$=4



=+$(+?C`(J




[JU(S9QN55QB05ZE8@JS%@C:C#C

RM%$:]3NOKW#
MPR=X8JOB:TP




FIB6K^L999$5<V;%!9LH;3L60

M*WK%HKZBUR$15
;&CV8\I4^X.-_

M**:-I1'USXK:VRZV8K;6LZ(8CHE*[9D3V:U;DP6B@C;)_2!F5X/QT'TP*-JD


M6]G?@XTYGUGQ7XN)*N$L'5.JN?WIJ'L+S]C)O2W`*


1

+)C.K6H
MVSVS(K;*$16(2HNZW2L6V4!K1`TC&_O*HF[WM15Q[!M$6P_Y;4T=RVOK_J.&
MJ9*?VM3&1.]9B`7@C9&Y;Y@BBA#%B!)$*:(
48ZH0%0BJA#5B!H/^75*@\RK
M4SE^SCJ1G2H7
F14O/Y916<TW8O

[SW_E.6.#MH\7J-&517T!9


*$&4(LH0Y8@*16BE&-J$&T0K1&M$&T
M1;1#M$=T0'3TD-_$KSLKFK5G13S9WAADGU4M@41`8B`)D!1(!B0'4KC$OU1U




LA]


MFOX7
6.KXFM
6G
F:4NZB\N
QGD1

M[]X4[-
1D5_[K]LI7K4[1:Z?&X









MYB^T:[M=M=
J3IUA<_[*<XY[7H.\:M4J=8S3WBOE_!Z9?IB*X*_06%5W&@)

BX`(




ITM

8YX#:_
M7*C]%J9\'(\6'^GY'*;0G]=8J#_I$$JAJ.DO`6#*Q\GEXB/]^A&FT#=;%^H[

HF(*/1)=


OZ82*(=2\F`*
M_2K

(\](7%A?I0%Z;09Q6IG-!(I._O44IH+-*'VB@E

+]4$R3*%O3%+MA&*C3P]22B@V^D8=I81B

M[D8IH7)NJ)R;8
J24I;!E(A2XF!L]
%)2@G%1E\FI)10;/01.TH)Q1:-*(7^
M)F6@=BA%_;%




J*A/



_55#.M%ZO/^J=L+Z




CW#?/XS9;H_:]1]$




BS`&)DU`AGQ
MJ19
M

%!+

M(.7A1SMA%VH$U]QJ?+:F[.5*.-
!)Q)L0EQ/$)R0@)1D2TA$2$Q(0DC:


M6OUTN





MN

H4]*_INRC49_[
M`(VD^U!SOY@9FOLM-NIS'Z%1G_L8C:3[1'=OS+7'1XJ-.MRKH\[VA&34%^SL
M:G#_VI`=TN@IT*!)NV;/34LM7INFI:UDBC923F-D\4
P=H+A(N(YL+3U$HW7
?W;O4YC^YQ'J
GZ3Q!U#@G!1BO=SA71Q^
E-'_

MU6
TDNH)12FB&Y66[6S__ISC^V-P@ZO$-3MIA*!J95?+SDUC]4G9Y5*M3;+;

M[Z_
/([4#8JV--X8W.B39UVC!LHL70ARWWD;+X0V`ZFEIV^Q^9F(TH%%TA
MJJ___7NZ%Z#CWNZ%:(7=
VWUL;]%@[X.1?=T*$:EW@XE:(4=FFD'3BD:='1(


MU`0!HU])$&:N57&.YOP-

44)12EE+C
M!P.JQ(]M19=VO2GYI#2SEEHH&S0QZN3_HIWV;.!C@;H)7)=3%ZSRIT*[QO_
M(H_Y3UEU]=LDQV/Y6!?O+.W_;#J?GH0F'^*L)ZMX4&K
YT;BSA&X7EC2O.




MB[?W&M+MPXS$Q);[G^N\VH&B$&;D^2+2KCS``.#?P;$0U@!%MC^:SZ]B7[\_


/X.

M5@1HM3Q+&)0D[4-1#80V\#&!A(;2&T@:P&&$+"#2&Z]QTR@V#G^!#N6$:
M3


M=\X.32:P$G!]B-))30%2(S[8I0(5HVW_+%&CD+
*R2UENXIK21(E%G
4
V
M#$D8DC(D0P0';8@$8OQUD4004R1$VB(I1`O`1$).

8F3M&(9:<#`9:G58!\Y&\HY@F[(@TI9%(3VR(&<!
MF[SVSC2PO*-(-(N8(1N&)`Q)&9(ATN$=.&WO4$.P3340F;?G-0UFYKQ26HO
M'.:;#H[GVXM+DA:-N7Q_ZCB.V54L&;A*)WMKC:J*Y(YZ6C%.D\E9:ANW9

M]ZZ.3#?L[-#45]3`MV\%KJ!;^B)D^):)$
J&\U[C:I+65T9'ZXI=EUF76O5Z

MBG\QU$P[*J+HO8Z**7J_A67TMH49E

MC9!E:ZLN#V7#*[:6H;3W(FJ'M@X6
RN?







@





VWB6)N200Y[1^K
M?

#-H^OJW&;L)80N#CW':-+5D`
M]6262+JHBC@4$]3*++Y:A:^^'//S6Q[FAT

M(1)4
M8W4.PN1179]0V\`8%%O]F/5W[^D=N+^$WZ
YGOC+M`M?SY;PVRKG


M:&5E='

RYX;6RLG=MRW$B.AN\W8M]!H?NQ5%6L@Q2V)RP6SX?8
MV)C=O5;+95O1EN60U-
S;[_(R@21P$^R)



MS\






17'!.N+_P

5N_F`.;4.

MA!H)Y(IN+?Z&XXSH.'H2QW$@

MS(`60$D@%


UUDAB
MT]*:
]NI=;`]B8


K=MX.9
9YIYTOEKNM
M&4K]O'

EBHWLQ#:H-#?5!93MI+R(.5
;6



MD_O&[7A0[
U
:NXT:5!=Q0

8Q]
Q?




Y(DK%`5#*2AA6BFI'8



M)[8\1


MJ$!4(JH0U8@:1VB#E&OD,KD)5WU&S+Y*#=!=A;HZ1VEW%#8)TNS#9*&AO.;
MV
D7UHC+)T5,[H],J/;/-M(0\,3H]N;(I'TK4=;
M6C$/79<LS:9@SM;C=,:M0U:)^1)1%1!Y=.N`Q.ZMU-PD]F6GCH9%XJI%U`44
MYJF$=G+T/D[/;29\Z0Y^6VV]'&IKCO5-0/%NA2`)O[W8/8MD:RY#E#.2TK)`
M5#(26Q6BFI'8:AUC
16AZAGA+L5[H4O-61.3'Q8.Q\MV+W!I=F_2(-J?F^0

J&
F;$B4CL54AJA$UC

GMQ%?%B)84

MX)%9%
SZM.#)@@DL3

M9&GFV7K


MABPL_KSLQ)#U(C5D`U+#:&56P?DRJ.+
CD





26PVBEI'8ZA#U
MC$9&H-V_
#7&39#I%S&L*A45CX
]H@Q1CJA`
M5*J$-6(&D0MH@Y1KY#.=;OS$.7ZB1L,;D*L/(I?Q$T1Y0ARA$5B$I$%:(:
M48.H1=0AZA72H73E^QMNT+[:CXN5E4?1[G**:(\H0Y0C*A5BI$-:(&48NH
M0]0KI.-'JR`5OR@57_^.P
I9


M7[$J^%_13JY^)EBS8LY_PR+QWPJ:\=^QBOTG6[L5Q8H)_WJ4N=HVGOA.)(`O





M:D9BJT'4

5
UOZBM_
EN:^D8:&\SN=0:262+#Z




)(U_


MQW@IJV:S5D028.^07@AWF40_C(*[%C>:R6?MBR*TA91Q2@,D


IV\\#V;


X10DY
&Z)'T53+F71(;N
M2^#S%V
.XT[6H:?34J$_


HBUET?Q8]Y;B


%ZE(

QZ9H'I($@H]/LRF=&V9!GK







`=\LT-^&`]
Q@



G4/68Z2(-LODP7$0^SC
WS

'ZAUUDD:XT24140?VYR9[]C67.;.5\-B\17BZ@+B'8?CM/G



?OUT-T^
M?;W_\7SV_?%ILC+X]WHZ?ZK6[+X_WEY_$FKD/.SWQY?7AX?CG_]=KC]?'AR


V

M.3D^GWU\;(SG[NN/XJ)]SZHZ+Z\;W9J9NI9=T_*87Y\V^E_?@B]+7:N;Y'I
<NN\
NI

HN
M20/]K\_YK4:U(GV/7)%4SR^W+VE9W$#B
;S`N']8





D(9&3O0SX,A#(P$$&0AF(9#N`8(1L!P%(X;W
`8A+EK!;M

M8IH(6S2*(GVC.#(^@#WE+&';[]+DK2W.`E'$2C(04%!8D4)*;(0)H6'W*#

6MNV)%@:
`5L
]UDN=1@H








M';DAA$C#87Y\C'LD]1]2R@'69RRV7]@K#W9GL5J`0B-+EL7U'5T*46FR2Y'4


MQV/9P/5YFY

M2I3

M5JTW&Z_/2M4:H4]KQ




@8R`3(%
@
R!S(`L@2R`K(&L@&R!;(#L@



#8`


/IW7&R-^;:?$K6T@W90TR;A3MVI\

AB9`II!J
M!F3NIO(JDI;L7D7F5!BM++G&C-JOL934G?:9$;E3:)^IQFN?E:J*]%XFXM((
M@?2!1$!B(`F0`9`AD!&0
9`)DF0&9!Y2M)]&J'UKQOJ!VC]FLG)0VO'ZR5


M[-*IBUWOS8Z5D4S*E'I4.B*B(ND


9\E8NMRHEY6[.

MT^ELK5:OM=0*)60)Q4\VA&C3?2LB_YSQ2-(QBAE1/C)3%6TK8561PP$Z'$HZ

][\\#%;3F\(GW2'R@N?%*E^1TTG
M.^;0@79_V.%4ESZ=ETMM^AV%&3\I`-GVDKMM?)O'/%19Q.?



MF@

7`52BKS%3H:*NB$KDH5`SQSH
MV7H)13,/ZB)&
MDC!&E#`26P-$0T9B:X1HS$AL31!-&8FM&:(YHY
MOW;
3MK_WOK3_3BO]=LM

R2H@Q

`-3



I(;
T0

4(NHC

4(NHCBA#%

M'2+J(XH0Q8@2B]+






B0@*
;G:&N!:D)Q3P4SDI4

MZ$

.$`T5`2NH6OCL^
1
59':.M:*I)PP/Q
5

MTXN=($.23SV0=*W(ZR[Q09&H^&91'U$$:(848)H@&B(:(1HC&B:(IHAFB.









[*M&

ML27IWF*+5.^I^JZ$$[I9@-H=L$K
#Q&-++(W7*%O_X!!S=Z+ZTT7Y40L2Q^@
M15





!9T?1+HLDA/./40A



M^I)%8GV%:

M.C9A\:OJ5N1]=1_LJO18E0YTK5*MWE!3M)`E9X8ZV\NG&2_
4L26W/$?LA2S

M*5LJS-*
539+](69\!5A+G*TL**JMJR98*L[1BE5]5:MA:L\K-%5351K+%


MA09;;_A[(4:
7

+Z]5\V4#-65/93




M
['*N5(KT2]\GWZD6UFC8:!M.GE


M



*6TN15%[W\T3;'ES$']`Y(VYQBQBOTXD?;


1

M*UMM\T(66J

M0E\^1%?R\U:EMI#7ZKM!C6(GSQJ]_$=I\JZ





M54R]=J0.JK/5X[[A@NPJR/L%WY*LY^YN)O0URP27O%`NT'E&Z#3GI;?T@&F[

AC+I`NPX?]+0




M


[?W]L
M_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`%L@.]U%@``W70``!D```!X;]W;W)K




-UKW1GU@(1`(B`QD`1(B0#
MD@
I@)1`*B`UD`;(%LC.)5Y^:-)_1WZ
=9L?;M1K2]I=4#L1K8%L@(1`(B`Q

2`ZD`%(J8#40!H@6R`[EW@YH*V*EX/QAC?6
M?L-WI-MZM^VNP4:#4(-(@UB#1(-4@TR#7(-@U*#2H-:@T:#K08[!WCM3)LY


MO40ZN`A\Z;0W8J$

MA;Q\4\O^$_DV

M#(1R($7OY4A/)GX*RMZ(I2L0JH$TO9=(3Q8+7WK;&['TSA7RLDMGEW\BNT;&


V%.FNG8L6-DZ%6




M


M1EV#+9:Z'CMC

CV9BKD=PA;R3W:+``]AU
:R3]*YP`BAC)
MB(D1)8Q$*T64


6L)2V:

1*M'%'!2+1*


F6LE'L&L&AT\$56W9M@=9C*0(/[83]9/E;.6W
MN9HO,W9\;?U73)G+7=^@2J6K#5:Q8JMW(BZBC4&;-A/JKAEJ]$J[MC1#?AZ

-S%0E*&(DF8@1)8S$
464
1*M


MC(ZL$ZXNCFBH0`


1*M&E'#2+2VB':
M6BTO.[.AF[QWG^];%7\D6^2MXK-`C8&UM1I?Q5F*5CKI;OHJ+60IO\^JB^Z(
K8*T(23_1K;-A(]D*A8@B1I+'&%'2+121!DCT<H1%8Q$
MJT14
1*M&E'#2+2VB':
6BT_:]27M;&-W*FP75V+))RKME*T`91BA%-*
M$*6(


MZC4]IME6Q^6[/K]8IGSKB[6&QK+N*E9WR);*HEG2]6_+M`
)=[0;]4M()!


Q0BBA#%B!)$*:(
48ZH0%1:
M)%6L@-0N\1O^V('D31]W


0I
M9HFH`K\:2.



X04W;.]\U&AN5-0ZUB'J
M1'UZKU3[KZV;#
30$G-%U;L-]`IW+XK=H8LLJ@G$23E.E_E`ME/M
20S+_?Q


M4*\1;1B)8X@H8B1:
:*$D6BEB#)&HI4C*AB)5HFH8B1:-:+&0WXK#QV)WWV'

[7PS
NUU$_VTD+1\-:6FC&








9H^AE3_]83JJYDC

&8T?
-EJK*?'&#!A/UFZ4K:R?4AUH8P]

M*#%&2B!2RD;=8+M:3E1Y





M.`%M%A;)!!4BBAA)/XT1)8Q$*T64
1*M'%'!2+1*1!4CT:H1-1[R6YF&I]?*

M#LS#0W=[NWMVV[D%GA'9)$W9.VUD91LPU:R)H6((D;B&-*&(E6BBAC)%HY


[A[
MA=/M#=G1LPKD7M`OW-`U@*G+D0Z#YW[Z-;:VO'Y8=3.V'K:2K5Q7N.YGV;J?


9%DU[FB



MH9](#[QFV1L)]0X$06
5M7:J'O@S[QWB8_A^*?_*/MPX.9U+Z.XQ/!%Y
.OP

#4H


6%E1DFBH:_AH5^54

=X]-HQ$BX91,FG&]@H1&Y$U(@XB&T1<1#Q$MHCL$/$11#9MXE@&+S9
10WBWT#<.$1%]I*3M(R?-T!Y+LZ1-8TR8OOGP'VDC
ZX*1.@GL@=L+\0ZBA\6B:SZ2;38(92T.X23^P]@TQ@3%KB\
M^O61](9<\R#V%`XB&T1<1#Q$MHCL$/$11#94])1_;`B_0E72;3H*B6&X
_0

=]P]4Y<VFGO6$*8%'J4;34^(]4!V





Y!*W



MFI5PW%^5\QE^UHGA2'30ASGKF&4E^T)NP'\H6OP'``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0`+UK7V/`P``.

M;*R;77/BN!*&[T_5^0\4]Q.PC6U
)=F:`
:`#;;K?%PSQ$FH7$*F)V=?[\2
M4DM6-U;G+
7R\PSK[I;ZE;;%OCVC[_VKYT_J\-Q5[_==9V;?K=3O6WKQ]W;




M_F5;[]^9B6^[U]WIU]EHM[/?CN;/;_5A\^V5S?LO9[#9@NWS7XCY_6Y[J(_U


-X)-%Y4`R';:8
M%^;_63
L!6)..A?7Y].!7/`_7!U


M*L:@X%VVYU@,,4@QF&08+!'(
%!DL
4@PR#%88K#'(
2@P*!N@Q_*CDL3V
MPO\C2=P
3Q*L[@
`G347)004

%AAL
8@
MQZ#`H&P`(R&LJQ@)N7RM@\W!U6Q_L8_F[@C

P(20B9$[(@9$E(2DA&R(J0-2$Y(04A99
8


6J$W9X;-7)A`[/'7=C!7&T6@R#-8E!$1XAG
1&:(7LP

'OXN2([
M7&UF1Y(^:Q%JH:
`W26.A2IL]E.2
:6!9$P)B0F9*:+=8\N)TH#E.2$+0I:*

MOH
25X*AEI#

M_JD6P?PS0-*_/_2'0]/_B0V_VL0V?SG6@3^T#2?QAY`^2_!$F+?[/:^$G)
M%=4F#E:
:A/(Z)

Y3G9%]@W1`.VM&RW[*WS4]$,
M1+;MGF@1N)^;[CTO'*#G04



E`CF.I7CPN!\0\ZJ#$TV!L
MUVA99
4%0:R
PS*X9K\LSE
M*



M;/Z7(++=`J5:!///`
'\?;8K\-F!#-'F?PUV;/YS+0+_!2#IWPO83RE-_R5(




M!+



44SC6R51*S/]3BPOJ!HJ5&[]52+P%1&T8JBM4;M
MUG
M`NL%1:6!S#2S6K@FS5R.&HI`9D/!]Q-C5ZIL13W1(IC

M+M+RNJ4



O[3%A@:C<G!)[_K


+







MS?K\RD

$(6OGH4OT#


^^5D1NF.ZW:P+AA5=O5UA455F2#*4@I25(+4@C2M(



8&K1$XXRXL91
MDYR&R
(2RNR




@HR


)1D3&6[))
MLK7K;4*)QYO;EFHW-6_+GUIPJ4

<









M'2*RU4LT();HT03HH4EC#J^N"B^K1COH./-7*'17Y,5QC5B6%1FYJ?Y9MR
M9@D31YN(GW=7:'H^7O#VJU%$`U2#B`;AUO46K3=P1\Y=5'18*N2M1Q%Y&Q1

X+G/MQ


PN80NPTGLJ%HU:=&&-
M/JY-26/.&.M
H-FE.3P;H`[C%5&DD/#64-RT+15HG7D.15H607@Z2%Q#'9.


69K1*V
MR2A

M+

MLQ[5H9V0_QY%Y']`%/0_










M2*VG;:RV7]V`54PCED53_L=B3@I4251#4AO_6&1&B]E:B3J?DMSZ0*V/


:-Y8HAD6-/)H!;VI+\?XXWT*


MA/S6&Q21]5:B#A%9[PGYK0\H(NNC1!.BHW4WZGP__E
+QTQNTPV:C\WRX!M%

/)''XO'J
M3DF\%]RC@5!5AG.J


M=38@V^OBPXI
GS'
#RL


*\6VI,)+K2J)6HD:B7J).HE
M&B0:)9H
6DB5RPXK
GE881#;`+$N7J`*QB#ONF1'(@QH*5$E44W(;[TA$5IO










P!'%Z8I_IU87=-M;D_[^-U@-NAVY6_B2?K;&










M%

M^



M2P

M965T-3


M[O`:_6KM-T_]S2ZDT:8XJ0A\CZ(?2K3SI!`U+D#KX!2!\3[W%#ZO/MZ.T^A7



MD*`I02!!2X*V!!T)NA+T).A+
)!@*




)9A+

M

M@T
@(R!C(!


)5OQ5@WM1#W-XA)Y;0_=


D0:90UC6Q!D%

MQ4
5:.5

M$`]F$U&`J(6HC:B#J(NHAZB/:(!HB&B$:(QH@FB*:(9HCFB!:.D@-_AJ

UCM4UV0P?&V



$W-$V-1/9JI$])(6O(W=Q76WP7Y'ZR
M(VA7[QB139VOE9KH?%T]




MG.I=O1;%M*X.3GU=O1


M-!-58HX+@P$;M)








MGTYF(&][/IW8(5[0
H^_B5L/B?8_1.

^_`
``/__`P!02P
$


M^N+5#^\_O?O\ZX=/?_OYU?W=Y'_ZKW[X^NWMIU_?_O[YT_N?7_WG_==7__O+


MXB#


M9C_G=V3!V(*)!5


M.*X-B8R(C(E
B$R)5$1F1.9$%D261%9$UD0V1+9$=D3V1&Z)W!&Y)_)`Y)'(

.!664
B
M(R)C(A
B4R(5D1F1.9$%D261%9$UD0V1+9$=D3V16R)W1.Z)/!!Y)/)$Y)G(

POF

&S!2\6#`9$;H@



IR


M6I#W92!9/5=DM!:2SNLVC+:
=HSVC&X9W3&Z9_3`Z)'14T#XD*9Y%JM(7@+)
MV@%2M;T*I7J4C1.0)3/I?OP38FI9NM/^_UZ6_IZ!&EH]4K(


M(_N$:J+?ZNA7U\;QG7BIBWXO1BGZ0T(UT1]U].Z%B?XD7NJB/XM1BOXB?G&8
M$M78-J


M@Q%!DNW&/0B)Q+U

%HR6C%:
UHPVC+:
M=HSVC&X9W3&Z9_3`Z)'1$Z-G1B^
($K?MUE'0I3



P



M7'!9*LB#/]5TG5REFM*@N!'O?OB_O#2[\ZUX@4IJ9@&*OI=R^:!%T6]-]*Z9





'1H^
MGA@]


M.#.3`6*BO.D+0C7.N2!G;I(](%R0Q!NZ?1G

MZ=J[4[DSNL



YHP6C):
M5HS6C#:
MHQVC/:
;AG=
;IG]
#HD=$3HV=&+XPPH\;NEH[$C
JLT.&847
[

:
;<]B+77#:?G9?
MWY@H^7F$M9BDQ;!-:


Q[`
MSF_6L

YJPKRFC*A5

MEVX?MXG[


)@$E

MO/H5C!

M


CT#1Z


M9+1BM&:T8;1EM&.T9W3+Z([1/:
'1H^
GA@]

M7/.9]X3F_#XWWRKBJ6XGL#17#HF
B(R)3(A
B51$9D3F.=&7ZC:&^:5^YYT4


YI$3V(T

XOI.2K




MH^']-BU?5^!;CZXO(-)X67PG)1C!-!K9!AI%F]3JP77Y.
G9'_4VC=Z.VU31



M


M&4V;J7@H5K6:3D:QN0


MT#VNASZL`X[E:/V*I^M*FK3T*+MK
@Q6&1HQ&C.:
)HRJAC-&
T9+1@M&:T8
MK1EM&&T9[1CM&=TRNF-TS^B!T2.C)T;/C%X807[4MY`?LT*'0WZYG9:?VY/2


MOEH[E(*Y5:^=GKO3E7.[)-MT;C5XHN7\YBH_
^H&I


)HRJAC-&
T9+1@M

V0T8C1F-&$T950QFC&:
UHP6C):
M
5HSVC#:
MHQVC.Z973'Z)[1`Z-'1D^
GAF]



-HRVC':-]

MLH7***%4D&[*C
,_6&AM?QS7:2-&*5(
M6T8[03Y2VV3&7O[Y22M#1B=

M#SJAS!'9'W)CRK$J1C
3JV/?'CJ7
G6Q%F*4
GS):!40MD%N.=:Z
N=E:RE2

MQ(C16)!7Q[69ZR;RSY!(S;#A*Y1%JE(Y6:3-!
$XNFK;R6TN5G4!%V*4
GHI
M*#VHL1)4&W`M5G4!-V*4`FX%I8`[0;4!]V)U)*`6BSMO.4

Y*8
MT6WHWJSOMA(I#4:
Q@&%D01S#


M=%]@`/@34MMY


=H+XG'B





ML4!4@_@)V3ES([N`]&;`3FQ#Z
:55`.$1VJ`,@?)%ZV[7'T)+AQCVC%7LBN
M+6B,8E52+JV:9X)\K&['_O[U7`SJ8BV479=RU1.3CI6@FK/`=9B51=PPP&W
MJ9P$W`FJ#;@7JR
!M5)@=(Y2G+E1BD?ZX*%KMKA#S/JNH!J@`DH[Z'&PP@6X
MG7GGPBY1)^(F3R@6L6JI%R*-=.QKMHVUES*U,5:B%%*^J6@%&L54#C[)OS
MW;64J(NT$:
4:2LH1=KI2*V6O?4A18Z$TMJ`S)0VONNDX=IY
9()2`\N]B[1
M
)3


EH*2KQ6CM:#D:\-H
7H^E?!


EH*2KQ6CM:#D
M:\-H*RCYVC':SKXTGT$4=3V4:/;#M?.BUD,!&2.(LP$/@PE,:1)3XXPF*@
M=LCP_O7ZH&MFZXGX.C:3A7'#^\HJ44G!VDK
Q$I-I_;7$N=B55N)1;#**K&4
M@K656(F5KH29T]=B55N)#5=B*P5K*[$3*U4)^R#N7JR.54)+




MAMZGLNAJ8NAJ*HNN)H9^I;+H1&+H1J+3B2&'LO+FNYQ!VQRGE1:]C7,?W].
MEY\SM2[V9UZ8KMG4@?Y[\VRH1D=&8IB*$M);)_91-\&
P@RFO4*0T(P0RM$

M%8$
2Q6A'4HT.U81(];\\+
'[#=?MMAE]T:G!4S[6V)TNIGJ@&YN4@?T?##S=<#K






]2U_MH6%0AH@



?&HM%A4%DQ*`R8I`9
M







ZB
&J1&#
MU')FM.:.
G.MG=*8/_K4&O


(V2+HV
2Q
MC095'XMC%.X.4

E!49`




MD5PU
B=X]X-X][49]C!7P*`V6:Q/S!46(57JPR!):L
@.ZQ/)(=%R(WZ

B.



32-9^ZEO5%#


3HCEC.:7I_)&.'?I
3-ZVVMW.OT(N5

%HQRW8E-

8U$D
ZB0&=1*#.HDY=3*$
M.AF6I.#4F5L:=;JSF5R=IR3I[*TD/5/+9W?\[-9$Z60$U2`&21*#)(E!DL0@
M26*0)#%(DA@D20R2)`9)$H

MUD88(2*K[6-OY;[0GZV+S-

MWY

)`0&0.PB`&`00R^8AS%5`$]%
0D`3N3N3]V['


MM`];P4R]_H;[
%FE/@Q


]J







MG[?ID3`_@SN\(PA5(H8:$8
ZB4&=Q*!.8E`G
:B3&-1)#.HD!G42@SJ)09W$

98UJ1'#-*+95-#8?ECUIB08[23:X


\09_$H
]8MGS#!FJ-%N(=:B5/


M9M($D0Q2)(8)$D,(B0&$1*#(E!A

W$R
M7RL=MH+=B=.994-/

SVVX8L=9XUM!WLKLG!LC5U//'[CGZ]O



*(+UB
*D`TBNR
MF@H@XW0%S$$FLJ^^`B8?W0'^&6N-CC_P5VN-P/2;@*[
#@-C?KB5@.H=39!1

7N=C-@I(H@;AD$3D&DE$#!FCPUV:


;
M'L(3CK4)$JU$Q$B0$`#'

(R
:1(5*4

$`;1#5






MW\%@ZQ2%FH*!C6E+-04#!Y*65@G&*R3LK!.,A6EJT(Q3-_0JAOG*.CFGHK

M.AC5

MJP4

N:XT6




PVD8[!0,=@H&.P6#G8+!
M3L%@IVP4S#8*1CL%`QV@8[!8.=@L%.P6G8+!3


M#0WT&*X;L
V-XLRAME'KM/YY?_P[J/4-X-^A`;#*O[%Q7?IW%[W21O?4D0F;

MHWTT1*C\'U62UND]:M\XK#=IHRL0NV3V32KMDT
GDGC78''\SJ^^F8+Y/:




M76E;VKB9LC-A_+IO/SEBDF!8)!CL%`QV@8[!8.=@L%.P6G8+!3
-@I&.P4
M#'8*!CL%@YVP4[!8*=@L%,PVD8[!0
=@H&.P6#G8+!3L%@IV#!3@5AIX*.

MD:Q01[5^L!OV9Q41PW8&-U=:/X
FE-&C4KU%&M;Q0'#PV`51Z.S0'U\#^Z


.PA3[R5L
EA[:.Q$31.\F90F





MP:X

M

-@I

M9(P\IQ\[V)'T@PS!(.2@D')$JO,C15W:6XQF/;X4;E96KA/'M,9XW%4]+I


IZ2V:2W1
]%H

MV:S&(Z5P9+4HI.M9K0SPYF


MZ%-JM:COTF!K@UT9[-I@3PSVU&#/#'9CL!\


M
FGM'L?8)ABF09-!8.F@D%3P:I8-!4
&A:8I5+Z-O$)=^65
^CFGIN2]@D
M\UZ!897DE[$;9AH9[`48-:_R3#48+A*

MHU*6/'DXSLO


!C@T9?.QXK:ZH\
M%LESZ;$=N5#LPPF'$E;PA9$E&*Y)6#RS!@Z9%\.C6M\#.#04[3'\(QC^$0R/

%S



\F#5:MX;XLWM1:
MY='(_??Q:%HK3#V:L$D./ZOOHV?:2FI3C@F&0Q





MY$11(R=75'0VRL;%\)%B%;L?VJIQ2PJ9-O&B**0+1-%7(FS`TW=YNZ0K)J



J8QJ)./AY5&:?XPQ8KHUS$D@\JM1Q'7)J6?US_




Y/?89L


)(Z%D%I8V0(O



M`HR$.+#N8
$.%

DK;I3

M(_]U^

#DZ_'+6


M`/__`P!02P
ZO5]K:FHNSS1&
MI5J(!?3M[\\.26BS$RV[9UZ:=K%8^QY^C_?TY/U2O(BH=G`=AM-VR)93'=)
M=AC8?_\U_1'85E%&V2XZT8P



MF(QI_)*2K.0B.3E%)?A?')-S(=72^!ZY-



M6%6.P/7+0?3$LW#]=A#0:MP!%RHF5+X1A@NIK^)@_WPY$%?V`_OG^Z'(AG`_




S#&PP
`2
M`RL

F&`E&2:EW79E(P-?0V7NBL#KZEFZ9&3^+N`
MM=P(`V


`W

*G5-VFY;K<FD)DE3

_O=

Q$UTQRYR+0$/K.H99I3

M@Y.:)&.;:LA






VL#1G-DHSK2[7929[6UG
ME-9@'^I*;]SNB8JN-H6`U'7!5VLU$J2;X.!HX4^D=;XT@'?
C2E!&N+PT&

MC`?JP-'
V/C?3#%6]/]')E9W[&=/`FX
=Y
M_%PB)?F!C

_]$':B.G_M




BYX;6RLG%EOVT@2Q]\7V.\@Z'TLD[H)VX.(






M('%!ZH+



M%[X3`HF`Q$`2(F0#$@.I`!2`JE,8MF*4KUEJ_,&$M*-@=@75HKXK4.%0(@
M
9`$2`HD`Y(#*840J36
8@!_F`
82T;0Q)?/++UG\6L['M/F$KQ#:
@
1`







VE`M36AQQ\U=B



MFTE)HK&9V`%%'J!8HWZ[)RD*TP198QT&W*-^K47+*2UEX@J1AVSI5BYF]83
MF7Y\^]'94J[_:=@XIE?B4)3\G9RP=9G%;&[GY)%)FVYB)'I(&.G7
Q-2M

M!X+8=[A#Z='QG:A9+'S^V+_W+7S
`%';%W

M\HL2



E981`AC6J-^H0OI@4\198R



&)5NERL47^Y1`G9YW$39P9
M13[=88H





MHH4WTJYIHJT$!LAUJB_7**%N%R**$.4(RH0E8@J]F.[.Y1?BKR:2_G9E^%

M\?`6+3&*P062KEND='HOU9YQ*JM6PQGM\?S8EFF
6R:%J#9N?JB1;K_1`/G.






MRR4LI#TF190Q
E
\5%BPE-95(JH8=:1XL05T8\\2[XN!M1&4K=B)5;,PCAF
M

S=:[`RAD)W0Y^XE@Y(ZG]!9E;&

ML+


M
-*Z2D05HXY`$9M(




05%M9#=X.!N
%]




2YX;6RLFUMSXCH2@-^W



M^-PT7X1H_B00%!ZQTDG;`_\X#I[JY\W7M_
_F^]9O7MY/4-W3Z%%HF&+IY]1

MZ]



M870X)CQZJSF2H=UF2K0Y;Q[OC\WW`0P_T
S3^T8

MV?A)J'(700Y

)

*8@H2E(*
M,@IR@H*5A2L*2@IJ#I@!+[5#H9H^'\X6*@1#D;/+!$8CQ-WARB!12(*8@H2

RR

+:64#[FJ
MI?S)V!8*M9!V)B
Q(PDC*2
9(SDC!2
K1M:

M8E&P=3'Z92F)/].1&C(2

M/)@2Y$0AE-CMEZ3;?DU

I(QDC.2')A=B!Y=,'O&D;6](

M9-PI32XEY
O5WL3Q9[8'$R4`DXYV
[64:DOHY4P34XK9SBW;LX`VLN@W;86@






MN]_$9O$#_2;WEE:_263RD\S5H:L$^B(T

MH6XRZ@JAK1REEW?F9$X*5BS]@*A?J:NC9:+Y$),U[P9A$4(45ZS;74KW



P/R5Q$JI2=^:,$)59BB+$<F1P_?IT)N@`/2V
M-D]7KZFQCI&;8;ENXK%M2XY2TKSCSF;TK]`D;X*K$P%KM=RC9IZJU2BE*S2




M2JBSV

S1RJQ9L9*1JDNL




U-*.7N`M[LOJ#'6WR2)T^T@`<?%TH





ILL%5^\/OXQQ]&=\ZNE0M:^1-,8?S98!7^MUPZ+.5*J5_




M)
ML90*[F+]4ABTJ
M?C0;Y4



M0Z:0V_KBZ5(YO8$_&X6)*;K[0_

M@8.5PQW\2_FJJ/EJMT'6LM\#P@W[IHYY
US8
KS4/(Y7CV$0*;A5YLZ0!B



)JS=,R:LK`3G;R35

MAO.0IKRO@SD6^E3[487W`@A_.GVJKO;N.3
1+6[7\=9

M14^CG(0=\1AUUJ
:WZH#IC+^/!5D'<L9#VYI\KHQ8XZ-N'0D,6`LIOBB]7%'T








K&R5
MMNL:/2WG^17*0A16B::U4*

MQD%NP(A0I(9-X:KU1L1T]&OLA'P7:\`E(5-L(`HEHL![8.Y&(AJ02HY(]^&;
M'J`DA@8


Z?6RI(Q



M`BT`%``&``@````A`)=K_MVZ!0``!18``!@`````````````````*AD``'AL



``)4.```:````````````````






1Y1Z+PL``&(^



M=#$P
BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`G185_H```Z```&@``````````




M=#$P.YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`!U70Q&@&``#B'```&@``````````

M````$`7@26%P$



&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`/B:=-M`@``J@4``!D`````````````


BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8````

M%``&``@````A`/I+H-#%`P``+0P``!D`````````````````Y(P``'AL+W=O


YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`D%5@FS8#```0




``'0*```9````````````






$``#W$@``&0`````````````````L


``!D`````````



K```:

;0``!X


V```:

3
U+GAM;%!+
M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`7)6R]I`T``+A0```:`````````````````$/T``!X

``'@+```:````````````




M9W


M`!0`!@`(````(0#[/5\]40



M+W-H965T




3$W
M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#;G@J2]`


L$?O500``)

3$T+GAM;%!+`0(M
M`!0`!@`(````(0#**1QDE@(``@&```:`````````````````!5:`@!X;]W

3(P+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#RBG
]S@(`

3(R+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````
M(0`@;+(2'@

M+W-H965T
3(X+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#?$W$P`@
``*`)```:````



3(T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````

M+W-H965T







M````(0`)8%@


M+0`4``8`````$`SW]1]P7``##?P``&0````````````````#;0




M&0````````````````#$@0

U+GAM;%!+



`&0``````````````
M``!0FP

R+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````





``$\)




&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A

O



0$`'AL








M2P$+0`4``8`````$`JNNJK0```'!P``&0````````````````%
P4`




M%``&``@````A`.P9#_O8%```*GT``!D`````````````````]U
%`'AL+W=O


BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`Q@M_CK,&``]







M````(0`.-BS\2P






M:&5E='


Y+GAM;%!+



M-BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`9!W=?',A``#N@``&0``````````````





49





RYX


``!D`````````


&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@`
M```A`

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
$ 63
281
$ 73
267
$ 64
669




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 The following is a summary of our unaudited quarterly results of
 operations for 2014 and 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In thousands
 except per share data)
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income per common share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Basic (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Diluted (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income per common share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Basic (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Diluted (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 shares in July of 2014
 the sum of the four quarters may not be the




 
 





 
 





 
 




 




        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 34
447
$ 41
161
$ 23
616


        
5
771
8
185
2
141


        
(1
629)
        
4
365


        
38
589
49
816
30
122


        
        
        
        


        
8
176
(8
236)
7
197


        
        
(3
404)
        


        
        
        
(1
280)


        
8
101
(11
894)
5
724


        
$ 46
690
$ 37
922
$ 35
846




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ (31
763)
        
$ (16
640)
        
$ (22
362)
        


        
(26
637)
        
(22
682)
        
8
261
        


        
(5
931)
        
7
559
        
(2
539)
        


        
(32
568)
        
(15
123)
        
5
722
        


        
(64
331)
        
(31
763)
        
(16
640)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(24
689)
        
(2
007)
        
(10
268)
        


        
(26
637)
        
(22
682)
        
8
261
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(26
637)
        
(22
682)
        
8
261
        


        
(51
326)
        
(24
689)
        
(2
007)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(7
074)
        
(14
525)
        
(11
825)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(5
931)
        
7
451
        
(2
700)
        


        
(5
931)
        
7
451
        
(2
700)
        


        
(13
005)
        
(7
074)
        
(14
525)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              




              

683) thousand
 $4
592 thousand
 and $(1
626) thousand for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012



              

 2013 and 2012








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 The following table summarizes stock option activity during
 2014:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Options
 
 
 
 Options
 
 
 


 Price
 
 
 



 Term (yrs.)
 
 
 

 Value
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 




 Outstanding
 at January&#xA0;1
 2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Granted

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Outstanding
 at December&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Vested/expect to vest
 at December&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercisable
 at December&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 



 

 


 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 millions)
 




 Intrinsic value of stock options exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Compensation expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Tax benefit recognized from stock option exercises

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        

 The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock option
 awards granted in 2014
 2013
 and 2012 are presented as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected dividends

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Risk-free interest rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected term

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        

 The following table summarizes the restricted stock unit activity
 during the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Stock&#xA0;Units
 
 
 


 Fair&#xA0;Value
 
 
 

 Stock&#xA0;Units
 
 
 


 Fair&#xA0;Value
 


 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 




 Outstanding
 at January 1
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Vested

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Outstanding
 at December 31
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 millions)
 




 Compensation expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fair value of vested restricted stock units

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Tax benefit recognized from vested restricted stock units

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        

 The following table summarizes the performance unit activity during
 the twelve months ended December&#xA0;31
 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Units
 
 
 


 Fair Value
 


 
 

 
 
 
 
 




 Unvested
 at January 1
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Vested

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Unvested
 at December 31
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;
 


        
        

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 millions)
 




 Compensation expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fair Value of performance units vested

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Tax benefit recognized from performance units vested

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the number of restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
 
TREEEHOUSE FOODS
 INC.
 
December&#xA0;31
 2014
 2013 and 2012

 Allowance for doubtful accounts deducted from accounts
 receivable:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 of Year
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 of Year
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 
 
 
 




 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 47
800
$ 43
719
$ 43
473


        
4
145
3
108
1
266


        
(4
579)
(4
909)
(5
079)


Other
 net
        
(3
996)
(3
814)


        
$ 46
690
$ 37
922
$ 35
846




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
$ 3
066


        
3
145


        
3
104


        
3
654


        
3
404


        
19
731


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      


 2014

          



        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
58
450


Derivative
 expiration period
        


        
        


        
        


        
6
400
000


Derivative
 expiration period
        




        
          

        
          
            

 the number of barrels specified in a fuel oil forward purchase contract.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 risk being hedged
 notional amount
 counterparty
 inception date
 maturity date
 relevant interest rates
 strike price
 cap price
 and floor price.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified















        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
$ 543
778
$ 462
275
$ 425
307


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
490
850
416
170
388
642


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
$ 52
928
$ 46
105
$ 36
665




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 28
995
$ 31
067


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 28
995
$ 31
067




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Long-Term Debt - Additional Information - Acquisition Term Loan (Detail) (Acquisition Term Loan
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
$ 197
500


        

 2014
 the proceeds of which were used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of Flagstone
        


        
        
        


        

  2014
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Revolving credit facility
 basis spread on variable rate
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Revolving credit facility
 basis spread on variable rate
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Revolving credit facility
 basis spread on variable rate
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Revolving credit facility
 basis spread on variable rate
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

  2019
        


        
 200
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 quarterly
 annual).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Credit terms to customers
 minimum
        
        
        


Credit terms to customers
 maximum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Multiemployer Plans Providing More Than Five Percent of Total Contributions For Following Plan and Plan Years (Detail) (Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan)

        

      










        


        
        


        

 2013
 and 2012




        
          

        
          
            

 Year Contributions to Plan Exceeded More Than Five Percent of Total Contributions
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 903
513
        
$ 795
726
        
$ 627
960
        
$ 618
903
$ 660
321
        
$ 567
150
        
$ 526
346
        
$ 540
110
$ 2
946
102
$ 2
293
927
$ 2
182
125


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
499
829
341
547
234
430


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
361
859
334
577
284
027


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
359
179
361
290
362
238


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
351
917
219
404
281
827


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
302
621
297
904
308
228


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
287
281
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
248
979
245
171
232
025


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
168
739
169
843
162
952


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
139
285
124
075
126
804


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
102
635
96
136
91
585


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
70
720
46
650
36
573


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 53
058
$ 57
330
$ 61
436

      
        

      



              
              


              
              


              
              







        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 217
226
$ 154
378


        
38
669
40
155


        
6
507
11
160


        
5
947
11
030


Health insurance
 workers' compensation
 and other insurance costs
8
602
8
164


        
12
479
7
568


        
7
430
6
358


        
$ 296
860
$ 238
813




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 900
000
000
        


Revolving credit facility
 term
        
        
        


        
        
6
500
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
298
500
000
300
000
000
        


Term Loan
 term
        
        
        


        
        
2
400
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
750
000
000
        


        
        

 amounts outstanding under our prior $750 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the &#x201C;Prior Credit Agreement&#x201D;)
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
197
500
000
        
        


        
        
        

 2014
 the proceeds of which were used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of Flagstone


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
 200
000
000




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain. Such amount is before the consideration of accumulated amortization.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 35
564
$ 21
909


        
(319
454)
(228
569)


        
$ (283
890)
$ (206
660)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Long-Term Debt - Additional Information - Revolving Credit Facility (Detail) (Revolving Credit Facility
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2019
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

 which have been included as a reduction to the calculation of available credit.
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Credit facility
 basis spread on variable rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Credit facility
 basis spread on variable rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Credit facility
 basis spread on variable rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Credit facility
 basis spread on variable rate
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 borrowing capacity based on the amount of current assets).
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Components of Income from Continuing Operations
 Before Income Taxes (Detail) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 147
452
$ 128
685
$ 112
872


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(10
882)
(3
775)
11
337


        
$ 51
992
        
$ 30
795
        
$ 33
740
        
$ 20
043
$ 34
301
        
$ 29
372
        
$ 27
883
        
$ 33
354
$ 136
570
$ 124
910
$ 124
209

      
        

      



              
              


              
              


              
              







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 1
119
204
$ 1
073
191


        
556
599
54
494


        
5
814
        


        
(13
632)
(8
481)


        
1
667
985
1
119
204


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
884
768
845
216


        
556
599
46
968


        
5
991
        


        
4
461
        


        
(12
343)
(7
416)


        
1
439
476
884
768


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
95
572
94
393


        
        
2
135


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
(1
184)
        


        
94
423
95
572


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
138
864
133
582


        
        
5
391


        
        
        


        
(4
557)
        


        
        
        


        
$ 134
086
$ 138
864




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Other Operating Expense
 Net

        

      






Other Operating Expense
 Net
        

 
 
OTHER OPERATING EXPENSE
 NET



 We incurred Other operating expense
 net of $2.4 million
 $5.9
 million
 and $3.8 million
 for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. Other operating expenses
 (income)
 net consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Restructuring

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total other operating expense
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (Detail) (Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
023
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
333
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 acquired in a business combination.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Interest paid

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income taxes paid

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued purchase of property and equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued other intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Accounts payable

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Payroll and benefits

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Interest

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Health insurance
 workers&#x2019; compensation
 and other insurance
 costs

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Marketing expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other accrued liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
$ 61
059


        
59
065


        
58
233


        
52
906


        
$ 50
914




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


Outstanding
 Beginning Balance
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Outstanding
 Ending Balance
        
        


Vested/expect to vest
 at December 31
 2014
        
        


Exercisable
 at December 31
 2014
        
        


Outstanding
 Ending Balance
        
        


Vested/expect to vest
 at December 31
 2014
        
        


Exercisable
 at December 31
 2014
        
        


Outstanding
 Beginning Balance
$ 84
840
        


Outstanding
 Ending Balance
68
396
84
840


Vested/expect to vest
 at December 31
 2014
67
341
        


Exercisable
 at December 31
 2014
$ 60
300
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Outstanding
 Beginning Balance
2
570
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
088
        


Outstanding
 Ending Balance
1
858
        


Vested/expect to vest
 at December 31
 2014
1
749
        


Exercisable
 at December 31
 2014
1
205
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Outstanding
 Beginning Balance
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Outstanding
 Ending Balance
        
        


Vested/expect to vest
 at December 31
 2014
        
        


Exercisable
 at December 31
 2014
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 We have made a preliminary allocation to net tangible and
 intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Cash

 
 
 
 




 Receivables

 
 


 




 Inventory

 
 


 




 Property
 plant
 and equipment

 
 


 




 Customer relationships

 
 


 




 Trade names

 
 


 




 Supplier relationships

 
 


 




 Software

 
 


 




 Formulas

 
 


 




 Other assets

 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Fair value of assets acquired

 
 


 




 Deferred taxes

 
 


 




 Assumed liabilities

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total purchase price

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if its acquisition of Flagstone had
 been completed as of January&#xA0;1
 2013. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 the issuance of common stock
 interest expense related
 to the financing of the business combination
 and related income
 taxes. The pro forma results may not necessarily reflect actual
 results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are they
 necessarily indicative of future results of operations.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


&#xA0;except&#xA0;per&#xA0;share&#xA0;data)
 




 Pro forma net sales

 
 

332

 
 
 

990

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma net income

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma basic earnings per common share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


        
        

 We have made a preliminary allocation to net tangible and
 intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows (in
 USD):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Cash

 
 


 




 Receivables

 
 


 




 Inventory

 
 


 




 Property
 plant
 and equipment

 
 


 




 Customer relationships

 
 


 




 Software

 
 


 




 Formulas

 
 
 
 




 Other assets

 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Fair value of assets acquired

 
 


 




 Assumed liabilities

 
 


 




 Unfavorable contractual agreements

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total purchase price

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if the acquisition of Protenergy had
 been completed as of January&#xA0;1
 2013. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 interest expense related to the financing of the
 business combination
 and related income taxes. These pro forma
 results may not necessarily reflect actual results of operations
 that would have been achieved
 nor are they necessarily indicative
 of future results of operations.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended December 31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


&#xA0;except&#xA0;per&#xA0;share&#xA0;data)
 




 Pro forma net sales

 
 

006

 
 
 

422

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma net income

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma basic earnings per common share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


        
        

 We have made an allocation to net tangible and intangible assets
 acquired and liabilities assumed as follows (in USD):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Cash

 
 


 




 Receivables

 
 


 




 Inventory

 
 


 




 Property
 plant
 and equipment

 
 


 




 Customer relationships

 
 


 




 Trade names

 
 


 




 Formulas

 
 


 




 Other intangible assets

 
 


 




 Other assets

 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Fair value of assets acquired

 
 


 




 Accounts payable and accruals

 
 


 




 Income taxes

 
 


 




 Other long term liabilities

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Fair value of liabilities assumed

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total purchase price

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


        
        

 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if the acquisitions of Associated
 Brands and Cains had been completed as of January&#xA0;1
 2013.
 Adjustments have been made for the pro forma effects of
 depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets
 recognized as part of the business combinations
 interest expense
 related to the financing of the business combinations
 and related
 income taxes. These pro forma results may not necessarily reflect
 actual results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are
 they necessarily indicative of future results of operations.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 December 31

 


 
 
 
 


 
 

 
 

 




 Pro forma net sales

 
 

486

 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma net income

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma basic earnings per common share

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Derivative
 Fair Value
 and Location on Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
        

 &#xA0;

 The following table identifies the derivative
 its fair value
 and
 location on the Consolidated Balance Sheets:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 


 
 

 

 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Commodity contracts

 


 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Commodity contracts

 


 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 We recorded the following gains and losses on our derivative
 contracts in the Consolidated Statements of Income:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Commodity contracts

 


 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total unrealized (loss) gain

 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Commodity contracts

 


 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total realized (loss)

 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total (loss) gain

 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
 




        
          

        
          
            

 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 279
745
$ 162
751


        
334
856
264
829


        
(20
503)
(21
882)


        
$ 594
098
$ 405
698




        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 FIFO or average cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 6
000
        
$ 4
900
        
$ 4
500


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Benefit obligation
 at beginning of year
56
672
        
59
942
        
        


        
2
107
        
2
407
        
2
289


        
2
772
        
2
466
        
2
451


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
10
707
        
(5
826)
        
        


        
(4
751)
        
(2
317)
        
        


Benefit obligation
 at end of year
67
605
        
56
672
        
59
942


        
        
        
        
        
        


Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year
48
761
        
39
387
        
        


        
3
242
        
6
431
        
        


        
4
060
        
5
260
        
        


        
(4
751)
        
(2
317)
        
        


Fair value of plan assets
 at year end
51
312
        
48
761
        
39
387


        
(16
293)
        
(7
911)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(16
293)
        
(7
911)
        
        


        
(16
293)
        
(7
911)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
19
228
        
9
675
        
        


        
1
581
        
1
788
        
        


Total
 before tax effect
20
809
        
11
463
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Benefit obligation
 at beginning of year
3
155
        
3
391
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Benefit obligation
 at end of year
3
463
        
3
155
        
3
391


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(3
463)
        
(3
155)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(3
312)
        
(2
982)
        
        


        
(3
463)
        
(3
155)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Total
 before tax effect
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              









        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period
 and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses
 as applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Funded Status of Plan
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 2
421
$ 5
947
$ 5
178


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
15
887
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
456
1
091
        


        
1
456
16
990
        


Cumulative costs to date
 Total
26
486
        
        


        
28
058
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Cumulative costs to date
 Total
22
590
        
        


        
22
590
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Cumulative costs to date
 Total
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Cumulative costs to date
 Total
3
127
        
        


        
4
699
        
        


Salad dressing plant in Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
2
574
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
3
250
        


        
        
6
459
        


Cumulative costs to date
 Total
14
089
        
        


        
14
089
        
        


Salad dressing plant in Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada | Accelerated Depreciation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Cumulative costs to date
 Total
6
582
        
        


        
6
582
        
        


Salad dressing plant in Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada | Employee Severance
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Cumulative costs to date
 Total
2
889
        
        


        
2
889
        
        


Salad dressing plant in Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada | Other Restructuring
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Cumulative costs to date
 Total
4
618
        
        


        
$ 4
618
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 one-time termination benefits
 termination of an operating lease or other contract
 consolidating or closing facilities
 and relocating employees
 and termination benefits associated with an ongoing benefit arrangement. Excludes expenses associated with special or contractual termination benefits
 a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss consists of the following
 components all of which are net of tax
 except for the foreign
 currency translation adjustment:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Translation&#xA0;(1)
 
 
 


 Benefits&#xA0;(2)
 
 
 

 Instrument&#xA0;(3)
 
 
 


 Loss
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Balance at January&#xA0;1
 2012

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at December&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive (loss) income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at December&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 adjustment is not net of tax
 as it pertains to the Company&#x2019;s




 
 

 postretirement benefits reclassification is presented net of tax of
 $(3
683) thousand
 $4
592 thousand
 and $(1
626) thousand for the
 years ended December&#xA0;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012




 
 

 reclassification is presented net of tax of $68 thousand and $101
 thousand for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012



 


        
        


Reclassifications from

 Other Comprehensive Loss
 
 
 

 Statements&#xA0;of&#xA0;Income


 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Derivative financial instrument

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Income taxes

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 




 Net of tax

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 




 Amortization of defined benefit pension and postretirement
 items:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Prior service costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Unrecognized net loss

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Actuarial Adjustment

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 




 Total before tax

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 




 Income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 




 Net of tax

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 income components are included in the computation of net periodic
 pension and postretirement cost. See Note 16 for additional




 
 

 needed to adjust the Accumulated other comprehensive loss balance



 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 
 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
 POLICIES



&#x2014; The Consolidated
 Financial Statements include the accounts of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 and its 100% owned subsidiaries (&#x201C;Company
&#x201D;
 &#x201C;we
&#x201D; &#x201C;us
&#x201D; or &#x201C;our&#x201D;). All
 intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in
 consolidation. In 2013
 as a result of the Associated Brands
 acquisition
 the Company updated its product categories as
 presented in Note 22. Additionally
 in 2014
 as a result of the
 Flagstone acquisition
 the Company added a new product category for
 Snacks. These changes did not require prior period adjustments. See
 Note 22 for more information.

&#xA0;&#x2014; The preparation of our
 Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;) requires management to use judgment to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements
 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the
 reporting period. Actual results could differ from these
 estimates.

&#xA0;&#x2014; We consider temporary cash
 investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be
 cash equivalents. As of December&#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013
 $31.6
 million and $19.3 million
 respectively
 represents cash held in
 Canada
 in local currency
 and is convertible into other
 currencies. The cash held in Canada is expected to be used for
 general corporate purposes in Canada
 including capital projects
 and acquisitions.

&#xA0;&#x2014; Inventories are stated at the lower
 of cost or market. Pickle inventories are valued using the LIFO
 method and Flagstone inventories are valued using the weighted
 average costing approach
 while all of our other inventories are
 valued using the FIFO method. The costs of finished goods
 inventories include raw materials
 labor
 and overhead costs.


 plant
 and equipment
 plant
 and
 equipment are stated at acquisition cost
 plus capitalized interest
 on borrowings during the actual construction period of major
 capital projects. Depreciation and amortization are calculated
 using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
 the assets as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 




 

 

 





 Buildings and improvements

 
 




 Machinery and equipment

 
 




 Office furniture and equipment

 
 



 We perform impairment tests when circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value may not be recoverable. Capitalized leases are
 amortized over the shorter of their lease term or their estimated
 useful lives
 and amortization expense is included in depreciation
 expense. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
 which do not
 improve or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as
 incurred.

 &#xA0;

&#xA0;&#x2014; Identifiable
 intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their
 estimated useful lives as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 




 

 

 





 Customer relationships

 
 




 Trademarks

 
 




 Non-competition agreements

 






 Deferred financing costs

 






 Formulas/recipes

 
 




 Computer software

 
 



 Indefinite lived trademarks are evaluated for impairment annually
 in the fourth quarter or more frequently
 if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Impairment
 is indicated when their book value exceeds fair value. If the fair
 value of an evaluated asset is less than its book value
 the asset
 is written down to fair value
 which is generally based on its
 discounted future cash flows.

 Amortizable intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever
 events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
 amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation of the undiscounted
 cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its
 estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted future
 cash flows.

 Goodwill is evaluated annually in the fourth quarter or more
 frequently
 if events or changes in circumstances require an
 interim assessment. We assess goodwill for impairment at the
 reporting unit level using a market and income approach
 employing
 significant assumptions regarding growth
 discount rates
 and
 profitability at each reporting unit. The market approach uses a
 market multiple methodology employing revenues and earnings before
 interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and amortization
 (&#x201C;EBITDA&#x201D;) and applies a range of multiples to those
 amounts in determining the indicated fair value. In determining the
 multiples used in this approach
 we obtain the multiples for
 selected peer companies using the most recent publically available
 information. Our estimates under the income approach are determined
 based on a discounted cash flow model. In determining the indicated
 fair value of each reporting unit
 the Company weighs both the
 market and income approach results
 with each approach given equal
 weighting. The final value is then compared to the carrying value
 of each reporting unit. If the book value of the reporting unit
 exceeds its fair value
 the goodwill is impaired and written down
 to fair value.

&#xA0;&#x2014; We measure
 compensation expense for our equity awards at their grant date fair
 value. The resulting expense is recognized over the relevant
 service period. See Note 14.

&#xA0;&#x2014; Sales are recognized when
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or
 determinable
 title and risk of loss transfer to customers
 and
 there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales
 proceeds. Product is shipped FOB shipping point or FOB destination
 depending on our agreement with the customer. Sales are reduced by
 certain sales incentives
 some of which are recorded by estimating
 expense based on our historical experience.

&#xA0;&#x2014; We provide credit terms to
 customers generally ranging between 10 and 30 days
 perform ongoing
 credit evaluations of our customers
 and maintain allowances for
 potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer
 balances are written off after all collection efforts are
 exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from sales at the time of shipment.

&#xA0;&#x2014; The provision for income taxes
 includes federal
 foreign
 state
 and local income taxes currently
 payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences
 between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and
 liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based
 on the difference between the financial statement and income tax
 bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. Valuation
 allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is
 more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
 Deferred income tax expenses or credits are based on the changes in
 the asset or liability from period to period.

&#xA0;&#x2014;
 The functional currency of the Company&#x2019;s foreign operations
 is the applicable local currency. The functional currency is
 translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts using
 currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date
 and
 for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted-average exchange
 rate during the fiscal year. The translation adjustments are
 deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&#x2019; equity in
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Gains or losses resulting
 from transactions denominated in foreign currencies are included in
 Other expense (income)
 net in the Consolidated Statements of
 Income.

&#xA0;&#x2014; Our shipping and
 handling costs are included in both cost of sales and selling and
 distribution expense
 depending on the nature of such costs.
 Shipping and handling costs included in cost of sales reflect
 inventory warehouse costs
 product loading and handling costs
 and
 costs associated with transporting finished products from our
 manufacturing facilities to distribution warehouses. Shipping and
 handling costs included in selling and distribution expense consist
 primarily of the cost of shipping products to customers through
 third party carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a
 component of selling and distribution expense were approximately
 $80.0 million
 $55.3 million
 and $61.5 million
 for years ended
 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.

&#xA0;&#x2014; From time to
 time
 we utilize derivative financial instruments including
 interest rate and commodity swaps
 foreign currency contracts
 and
 forward purchase contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate
 foreign currency
 and commodity price risks. We do not hold or
 issue financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.
 The Company accounts for its derivative instruments as either
 assets or liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives
 that are not designated as hedges according to GAAP must be
 adjusted to fair value through earnings. For derivative instruments
 that are designated as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of
 the gain or loss is reported as Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss and reclassified into earnings in the same period when the
 hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective gain or loss
 is recognized in current earnings. Commodity forward contracts
 generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope
 exception under the guidance for derivative instruments and hedging
 activities
 and therefore are not subject to its provisions. For
 further information about our derivative instruments
 see Note
 20.

&#xA0;&#x2014; Capital lease
 obligations represent machinery and equipment financing
 obligations
 which are generally payable in monthly installments of
 principal and interest
 and are collateralized by the related
 assets financed.

&#xA0;&#x2014; We retain selected levels of
 property and casualty risks
 primarily related to employee health
 care
 workers&#x2019; compensation claims
 and other casualty
 losses. Many of these potential losses are covered under
 conventional insurance programs with third party carriers having
 high deductible limits. In other areas
 we are self-insured with
 stop-loss coverage. Accrued liabilities for incurred but not
 reported losses related to these retained risks are calculated
 based upon loss development factors that consider a number of
 elements
 including claims history and expected trends. We develop
 these accruals with external insurance brokers and actuaries.

&#xA0;&#x2014; We
 periodically record facility closing and reorganization charges
 when we have identified a facility for closure or other
 reorganization opportunity
 developed a plan
 and notified the
 affected employees. These charges are incurred as a component of
 operating income. See Note 3 for more information.

 &#xA0;

&#xA0;&#x2014; We record
 research and development charges to expense as they are incurred
 and report them in the General and administrative line of our
 Consolidated Statements of Income. Expenditures totaled $12.8
 million
 $17.5 million
 and $11.1 million
 for years ended 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.

&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;Advertising costs are
 expensed as incurred and reported in the Selling and distribution
 line of our Consolidated Statements of Income.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 33
917
        
$ 19
882
        
$ 21
759
        
$ 14
322
$ 22
784
        
$ 22
665
        
$ 18
565
        
$ 22
974
$ 89
880
        
$ 86
988
        
$ 88
363
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(26
637)
        
(22
682)
        
8
261
        


Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(5
931)
        
7
451
        
(2
700)
        


Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(32
568)
        
(15
123)
        
5
722
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(26
637)
        
(22
682)
        
8
261
        


Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(5
931)
        
7
451
        
(2
700)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(32
568)
        
(15
123)
        
5
722
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
57
312
        
71
865
        
94
085
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(175
664)
        
(134
628)
        
(160
029)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
55
140
        
28
133
        
(10
162)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(120
524)
        
(106
495)
        
(170
191)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
89
880
        
86
988
        
88
363
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(32
568)
        
(15
231)
        
5
561
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
57
312
        
71
865
        
94
085
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
176
627
        
151
301
        
151
089
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(4
065)
        
(9
780)
        
3
660
        


Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(5
931)
        
7
451
        
(2
700)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(9
996)
        
(2
329)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(4
065)
        
(9
780)
        
3
660
        


Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(5
931)
        
7
451
        
(2
700)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(9
996)
        
(2
329)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(22
572)
        
(12
902)
        
4
601
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
144
059
        
136
070
        
156
650
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(16
673)
        
8
940
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(22
572)
        
(12
902)
        
4
601
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(22
572)
        
(12
902)
        
4
601
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(22
572)
        
(12
902)
        
4
601
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(22
572)
        
(12
902)
        
4
601
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ (23
535)
        
$ (29
575)
        
$ 13
541
        

      
        

      



              
              


              
              


              
              


              

683)
 $4
592
 and $(1
626) for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012



              

 2013 and 2012








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2013


 L.P

          



 2014



          



 2014

          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2014



          



 2014





          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business acquisition
 cost of acquired entity
 purchase price
 net of cash
$ 993
009
000
$ 218
652
000
$ 29
955
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 35
000
000
$ 854
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 140
100
000
 152
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
 180
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
197
500
000
200
000
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
4
950
331
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
287
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
116
400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
10
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
6
100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
231
700
000
        
6
300
000
        
1
600
000
        
1
755
000
        
2
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
49
516
000
        
433
000
1
483
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
68
800
000
68
781
000
        
2
300
000
2
332
000
1
496
000
        
1
500
000
        
1
600
000
1
581
000
        
        


Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
667
985
000
1
119
204
000
1
073
191
000
1
439
476
000
884
768
000
845
216
000
94
423
000
95
572
000
94
393
000
134
086
000
138
864
000
133
582
000
        
        
        
        
505
558
000
505
600
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
50
867
000
50
900
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
52
587
000
51
600
000
1
000
000
4
600
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Goodwill
 tax deductible
333
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
8
900
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
7
643
000
        
        
        
        
7
600
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Unfavorable Contracts
 Amortization Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 6
700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Unfavorable
 Weighted Average Useful Life
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 systems integration and conversion costs
 and severance and other employee-related costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Derivative
 Fair Value
 and Location on Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Detail) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Asset derivative
 fair value
        
        


Liability derivative
 fair value
3
044
        


        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Asset derivative
 fair value
        
        


        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Liability derivative
 fair value
$ 3
044
        




        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B
M-F$Y



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S,U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A,5\S
M,6%B-F$Y,#EA-64-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B
M9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?26YC/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=&5D7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?0V]M
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O



&-E;%=O<FMS




O4VAE970Q

M965T
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

M971S+U-H965T


O4VAE970Q


M
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX

O4VAE970Q-2YH





O4VAE970Q

#I.86UE





M($A2968]

M971S+U-H965T

C









O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

\+W@Z3F%M

T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R



T0B






O4VAE970S-BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

\+W@Z3F%M93X-

M97









Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='
O4VAE970T





M3F%M93Y

&-E;%=O<FMS

\







T0B
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX










M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4V5G;65N


&-E;%=O<FMS













#I.86UE/D5S=&EM871E9%]5<V5F=6Q?


O
M4VAE970V


O4VAE970V




O4VAE970V
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

#I.86UE/DEN=F5S=&UE

#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE














M-S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


M965T-S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z


M9E]);F-O;65?9G)O;5]#;VYT/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T




MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4F5C;VYC:6QI










&-E;%=O<FMS
M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4F5C
M;VYC:6QI871I;VY?;V9?0F5G:6YN:6YG7V%N/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z







M9F]R
#I.86UE/DQO

\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\

;VYG5&5R;5]$96)T7T%D9&ET:6]N

M968]

O4VAE
M970Y









T0B5V]R:W-H
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W1O8VM87-E
M9%]#;VUP96YS871I;VY?061D:71I/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W5M;6%R





M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W5M







O4VAE970Q
#

M+U-H965T



O4VAE970Q





O4VAE970Q

3`Y








O4VAE970Q





O4VAE970Q
38N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

&-E








#I.86UE/E-U<'!L96UE;G1A;%]#87-H7T9L;W=?26YF;W)M83(\+W@Z
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-





T0B



O4VAE970Q
C4N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7




O4VAE970Q

M+U-H965T


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-






BYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS







M968]
#I.


M96UE;G1A;%]#;VYS;VQI/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-





T0B

YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

30Q




3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
M
E]A
F$Q7S

#$N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$





3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'



M/3-$

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]






]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R
M:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$
M96
@


]


]
M


M9VX]


]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@3F%M93PO=&0^#0H@

N




]

]
T1T97AT/BTM
3(M
M










M=#Y997






]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($9I;&5R($-A=&5G;W)Y/]T

]
M

]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D
M-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y



M='`M97%U:78]

]




2P@
C`Q

M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



]



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4F5C96EV86)L97
L(&YE=!O9B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R
M(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S(&]F(0Q+#
S
R!A;F0@)#0P-3PO=&0^#0H@

]
T1N=6UP/C$U
BPW-C



]
T1N=6UP/C4Y



]


]


]


M86QI9VX]



M


2PQ
3DL


38L


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#$S









M960@97AP96YS97


]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#
W



T1T

S$Q+#(S



S@L



]
T1N=6UP/C


M;&EA8FEL:71I97

]
T1N


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




M;G1S(&%N9!C;VYT:6YG96YC:65S(A.;W1E(#$Y*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




3`L


M;7`^


]


M+`Y,PP

R!A;F0@
S8L-#DS

]



T1T;W`^061D:71I

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L

T




]







RPQ


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPY
#
L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y
#EA-64O




]



@

M
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


S
















]


M;7`^





M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A


M;G1E;G0]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M97

RPY




]




M9VX]





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@







]




T1T;W`^


]






]
T1N
M=6UP/C
U+#




]
T1N=6UP/C
L

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(W-RPP.#





]









]
T1N=6UP/C0Y+#




M:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y.3`I/'-P

BPQ


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
U.#QS

]


BPP






]
T1N=6UP/C$L
CDT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^5&]T86P@;W1H97(@97AP96YS93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

L


]

]


]



S4L.#0V

]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#@L



M











]



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y

O4VAE970P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

@

@36]N=&AS

M1#8^

T0R/D1E8RX@
M
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L



]

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^


]



]


T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@

RPY





M)`Q-PS



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#DL.#@P


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

V

















M=7-T;65N='

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]


]



]

]


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]










]






M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






]



T1T;W`^


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

M;G5M/B@Q-2PQ
C


]
T1R974^#0H@

]
T1T

]


]


]
T1T

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1N



M



M1&EN;F5R1F]O=&YO=&4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^6S%=
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R,!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^

@:6X@3V-T

#$S+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


3



]

M/3-$
C`@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DYE=!O9B!T87@@;V8@)@S+#8X
RDL(0T
M+#4Y,BP@86YD(0H
2PV

@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
30L(#(P
3



3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A
M.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S
M7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\






]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P





]



3=B9#8Q
M
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5*6D))

M/3-$


]



\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

RPU




]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

C(L



]

M96
N(#







]

M






]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L



]



]
T1N=6UP/C(W-BPP



S$L(#(P

]
T1N=6UP/C
V


M86QI9VX]

M


#`P











I(&EN8V]M

]


]



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C




]


]

CDV+#`P


]







M



M=&]P/D)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]
T1N=6UP/C4U-2PY

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
2PW
M-C


I(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C
V+#0Y
RPP





]
T1N=6UP/C@Y+#@X
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T

]







T1T;W`^0V]M


]


]

M86QI9VX]

]





]


]





]


]







]


]



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC
M92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#8T
M+#
S


2P@
C`Q-#PO


]


]








M


L('5N;&5S



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]












]
T1N=6UP/C8S+#(X


]
T1N=6UP

]



]

C4L
#8W

M
38L

M1&YU;7`^




M;G5M/B@Q-RPU.3





]
T1N=6UP/C(R

]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M

M;3XH.3


M;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W
C0I/'-P86X^

2PR-#`I





]
T1N=6UP/C

]
T1N=6UP/C@L
M

M;3XH


]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#
X.3QS


2PU




]
T1R



]


T1T;W`^4F5C96EV86)L97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#8T

]
T1R

]
M
T1N=6T^*#@L

]
T1P

M971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#DQ

]
T1N=6UP


M;F0@;W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97


]








M(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^061D:71I
M;VYS('1O(&]T:&5R(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q,PV-#

#


M=&EO;G

@8V%S:!A8W%U:7)E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C



]
T1R;SX-






]
T1T97AT

]

]



M:6X@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97


]




]













M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
C
L

]




]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N=',@;VX@5&5R;2!,;V%N(&%N9!!


]


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'

#(R

#`L
#`P




#$X($YO=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T
#`L


]



]

]


M



M;3XH



2PY-#



]
T1N=6T^





'1I;F=U
M:7-H;65N=!O9B!D96)T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@Q-BPV.3







]



T1T;W`^3F5T











]
T1N=6T^*#4L.38U*3QS

]

M87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M





]






]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@.30L-#`W


M-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
M

M=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

M1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M

M:6YG/3-$

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0^/&(^
2X\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\8CY354U-05)9($]&(%-)1TY)1DE#04Y4($%#0T]53E1)






M




M97
@87

M;B`R


N(%-E90T*($YO=&4@
C(@9F]R


M*3L@1D].5#H@



@



M96YT('1O('5S92!J=61G;65N=!T;R!M86ME#0H@97-T:6UA=&5S(&%N9!A




M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@3$545$52+5-004-)


'!X)SX-B`\:3Y#87-H($5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]I/B8C


M97-T;65N='

M;VYT:'

N($%S(&]F
M($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3




PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,'!T(=4

G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M=F%L=65D('5S:6YG('1H92!

M97(@:6YV96YT;W)I97
@87)E#0H@=F%L=65D('5S:6YG('1H92!&249/(&UE












M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3TQ


'!X)R!C

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\

M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT




M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B

M

\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L








L(&%R



3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L


M(WA!

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2

'!T



@87
@9F]L

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2

G!T


@

M9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-
MB`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
S0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C(E/CPO



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]2




T1C96YT97(^

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!






@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M

M3$5&5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M;F4@;65T:&]D(&]V97(@-2!T;R`W('EE87)S/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG
M/@T*($-O;7!U=&5R('-O9G1W87)E/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

\



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M




M86QU92!O9B!A;B!E=F%L=6%T960@87-S970@:7










@











M87)K970@;75L=&EP;&4@;65T:&]D;VQO9WD@96UP;&]Y:6YG(')E=F5N=65S






M:&4@9FEN86P@=F%L=64@:7


@:6UP86ER960@86YD('=R:71T



M:3Y3=&]C:RU87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX\+VD^)B-X03`[)B-X
C`Q-#L@



M

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:61T:#H@




M:7



L('-O;64@


'!X

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:#H@




3`@86YD(#

L('!E


@87)E('=R:71T96X@;V9F(&%F=&5R







@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97



N(%9A;'5A=&EO
M;@T*(&%L;&]W86YC97






3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L










M

M5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@


30[








@96YD960-B`R,#$T+`R



3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L

M1&5R:79A=&EV92!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='
\+VD^)B-X03`[)B-X
M
C`Q-#L@1G)O;2!T:6UE('1O#0H@=&EM92P@=V4@=71I;&EZ92!D97)I=F%T





2!P<FEC92!R:7-K<RX@5V4@


@:&5D9V5S(&%C8V]R9&EN9R!T;R!'04%0(&UU

M9W

M8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4-B!L;W-S(&%N9!R96-L





M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@
M,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@3$54




M;G0@9FEN86YC:6YG#0H@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G





'!X.R!#3TQ/

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@


'!X



3D[(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!C
M;&%I;7





M97











3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2

M.R!&3TY4.B`Q





M;F1I='5R97
@=&]T86QE9`D,3(N.`T*(&UI;&QI;VXL(0Q-RXU(&UI;&QI

@96YD960@
C`Q-P-
MB`R


M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

\+VD^)B-X03`[)B-X
C`Q-#LF
M(WA!



3=B9#8Q
M
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?

O4VAE
M970Q







M86X]

#$T



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




M:61T:#H@

T0P('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]








40[*2!.;RXF(WA!
#LR
M




M:6YN:6YG(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
34L(#(P
38N(%1H90T*($-O






M;B!-87D@
C`Q-P@=&AE($9I;F%N8VEA;!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%-T86YD87)D

#%#.T9!4T(F(W@R
#%$.RD@:7-S=65D($%C8V]U
$$P.SQI/E)E=F5N=64@9G)O;2!#;VYT








M97

M(&-H86YG97




M:&4@='=O(&%D;W!T:6]N(&UE=&AO9'
@=&\-B!E;&5C=X@5&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@:7











#$S+B!3
M964@3F]T92`Q





M
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q
M7S

3$N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M

M86X]

#$T


M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S


T0Q



M1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M
#LF(W@R

C`Q




M('-E9VUE;G0@86YD(&5N9&5D(&%S(&]F#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
M
C`Q







3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


#L\+W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@











T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0T
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

B!A

\8G(@+SX-
MB!4;R!$871E/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M9VX]

T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR,BPU.3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T1T;W`^


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XQ+#0U-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#L\

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#$R-SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT+#8Y.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP


2PT



T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M/C(V+#0X-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+V9O;G0^


M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




T1B;W1T





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/



M3$]2.B!R9V(H

M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M)B-X


M('!L86YT#0H@:6X@4V5A9F]R=&@L($]N=&%R:6\L($-A;F%D82P@86YD('1H




M:`T*('%U87)T97(@;V8@
C`Q

M86P@8V]S='







N(%1H:7




M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@
M1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L


M($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L)B-X03`[

M(')G8B@P+#`L

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]

M(\^#0H@5&\@1&%T93PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


7!T
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C
M96YT97(^/&(^5&]T86PF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^


30@86QI9VX]
T1C

@3F5W(%)O

M5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XR+#4W-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8L-3@R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C8S-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#@X.3PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

RPR-3`\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T


M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@







T1T


M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@Y-3PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-PP.#D\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

30L
#@Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





T1B;W1T



W!X

M9VX]


M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y
#EA-64O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$




M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].
M5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!T.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B

#LR
M.2P@








@


C`P(&UI
M;&QI;VX@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@5&5R;2!


S
2!S:&%R97
@
M;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+@T*(%1H92!A
'!A;F0@;W5R(&5X:7-T:6YG
M('!R;V1U8W0-B!O9F9E<FEN9W



3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L







#$Y.W

M:61A=&5D(%-T871E;65N='




M#0H@:6YT96=R871I;VX@8V]S='
@;V8@)#$P+C
@;6EL;&EO;BX@070@=&AE



M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@3$545$52+5-0






3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M(WA!

6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XY,#(\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M86QI9VX]



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4U+#8T
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


C0\+W1D

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XS-RPQ-30\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M

T1T;W`^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

C

#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%1R861E(&YA;65S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]



MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-S4U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#8P
#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDL-#DW/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU

M
#LF(WA!

M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M






65M.R!4

@86-Q
M=6ER960\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDX
PX,S`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




T0G


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






BXU(&UI;&QI;VX@=&\-

M=VAI8V@@=&AE(&5C;VYO;6EC(&)E;F5F:71S(&]F('1H90T*(&EN=&%N9VEB

#4N-B!M:6QL:6]N(&]F(&=O;V1W:6QL#0H@=&\@=&AE($YO

#$Y
M.W



@;V8@26YC;VUE+B!4:&4-
MB!A;&QO8V%T:6]N('1O(&YE=!T86YG:6)L92!A;F0@:6YT86YG:6)L92!A

@86-Q=6ER960@86YD#0H@;&EA8FEL:71I97

N








#$S+B!!



M=&EO;BP@86YD(')E;&%T960@:6YC;VUE#0H@=&%X97




M:79E(&]F(&9U='5R92!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D1%4BU#3TQ



M

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D



7!T('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT



M
#LF(WA!

M


30F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


M
3
F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M(WA!

#MP97(F(WA!



3!P

M5#H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#
S
BPQ
#@\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

3PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
W!X


#L\+W1D


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



M5&EM97

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E
M;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%!R;R!F;W)M82!B87-I8R!E87)N

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(N


#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T




M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP







PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,'!T(=4:6UE



M879I97





@=6YD97(@=&AE

@=&\@;V9F97(@8W5S=&]M

L(&%S('=E;&P@
M87










M='
@9G)O;2!T:&4@9&%T92!O9B!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;@T*(&EN('1H92!.;W)T


N($EN8VQU9&5D(&EN('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
M

M96QY(0Q,38N-`T*(&UI;&QI;VX@9G)O;2!T:&4@9&%T92!O9B!A8W%U:7-I
M=&EO;B!T:')O=6=H($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[,S$L#0H@,C`Q-X@06QS;R!I

M.S



@86QL;V-A=&5D('1O('1H




'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

05!3




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;&4]

T1T


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
PY
M-#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@



M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XS.PR.#

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS-BPS-34\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M;G-H:7!S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#0X
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



3!P=#L@

M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ.3$L-S0V/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

3!P


T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M+#0Q-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R






M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XH-RPV-#,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX-




M:7IE9!I;B!A(&UE=&AO9!R969L96-T:6YG('1H92!P871T97)N(&EN('=H



@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!A8W%U



M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@3$545$52+5-004-)


'!X)SX-B!4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('5N875D:71E9!P



-


M='



'!X.R!#3TQ/

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@




M1#8P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


30F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V(^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(#QB


3
F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N


M
#MP97(F(WA!
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86XG)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P


65M.R!415A4+4E.

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L-#(R+#$T
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R



$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X


#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].



M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX,BPS,C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A


M-SDL


#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

BXQ-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M


#L\

3!P=#L@





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

BXQ
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!



M



3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L


M

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E4


\+VD^






3





M;W)R;W=I;F=S('5N9&5R('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS(%!R:6]R($-R



M;F5D('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X




N(%1H92!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!W87


M;&EA8FEL:71I97






M5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@








M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/BA)




M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^

M
#LF(WA!

M13H@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-RPQ


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS.2PX
S4\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M;3XF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D



65M.R!4


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M97(@87-S971S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4R+#4X-SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($9A:7(@=F%L=64@

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
M

3


#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@





M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M;3XF(WA!

@3F5W(%)O



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$X-PY,#(\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M9VX]


M

M

M5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@



@=&AA=`T*(&AA=F4@86X@97-T:6UA=&5D(&QI9F4@
M;V8@

L(0R+C,F(WA!,#MM:6QL:6]N('1O('1R861E#0H@;F%M
M97,@=&AA=!H879E(&%N(&5S=&EM871E9!L:69E(&]F(#$P('EE87)S+`D
M

M:&5R(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S('1H870@:&%V92!A('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V


M9VUE;G0@86YD(0Q+C`-B!M:6QL:6]N(&]F(&=O;V1W:6QL('1O('1H92!&



M(&]F(#(P




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

M3TY4.B`Q







@8F%S960@;6%N=69A8W1U




C`Q.3MS


@




'!X.R!#3TQ/

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@


'!X








N(%1H97-E('!R;R!F;W)M





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]2

T0V
M.4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-CDE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M+49!34E

M8B@P+#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!&3TY4+5-)


#MP
M97(F(WA!


@

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

\+W`^#0H@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

BPT.#8L
#4X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



W!X(&1O=6)L


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M


<^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M
M86XG)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




T1T;W`^




BXU
3PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
W!X


#L\+W1D

]


U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
M
6%B-F$Y








]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




M-4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQB/C4N/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M


M.B!R9V(H

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M

T1B


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q


M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^*$EN




@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*
M(%4N4RX@97%U:71Y/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4L-S0Y

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU+#(U-#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E
M;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($YO;BU5+E

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-CDR/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@

M;VUE/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

2PW

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




3!P

M5#H@

M='
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XY+#$T.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XX+#8X
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



@



@87





@9G)O;2!P=7)C:&%S97






M:6YV97-T;65N='








M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].
M5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M





T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2

M.R!&3TY4.B`Q

Q+`R,#$T+!W92!R96-O9VYI


M96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P


@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@=&AE($EN=&5R
M97-T(&EN8V]M92!L:6YE(&]F('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960-B!3=&%T96UE
M;G1S(&]F($EN8V]M92X@26X@,C`Q-P@;F5T('!R;V-E961S(&%N9!R96%L
M:7IE9!L;W-S97

M97

@9&5T97)M:6YE9!B87-E9!O
M;B!T:&4@1DE&3PT*(&UE=&AO9X\+W`^#0H@#0H@#0H@/]D:78^/'-P86X^


U\X
M-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M92UW:61T:#H@

T0P
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]


M15

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!

T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

@3F5W(%)O;6%N






M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M97

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M#0H@1FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!

T1B

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(V
M-PX,CD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G

T1T;W`^#0H@




M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
M



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!4;W1A;!I;G9E;G1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Y-PP.3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

M87`]


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M=&EN9R!A=`T*($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L(')E



C`Q

M:&4@86UO=6YT(&%T('=H:6-H('1H97-E#0H@:6YV96YT;W)I97
@=V5R92!V

#$T
M(&]R(#(P
3



M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S,U\X-61E7S1B-3)?
M83)A,5\S,6%B-F$Y,#EA-64-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]

]




M(%!L86YT+!A;F0@17%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/

T0Q
#`E(&)O


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3TQ


'!X)R!C

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
M1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M

T0G0D]2


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(V+#0Y
CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

C`Y
M+#$Q-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ.30L-#,Y/]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV-#0L
S
S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




M

\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS-2PP,3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W

M.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XY


#LF(WA!






#L\+W1D


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
S
X+#`U.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU-#


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0V,BPR-S4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

M3TY4.B`Q

@:7



M1FQA9W-T;VYE+B!$97!R96-I871I;VX@97AP96YS92!W87
-B`D-C,N,R!M
M:6QL:6]N+`D-S
N

#$S+!A;F0-B`R
#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]P/@T*(`T*






3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I







T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

T1L969T/CQB/C@N

M1T]/1%=)3$P@04Y$($E.5$%.1TE3$4-B!!4U-%5%
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N

M.B`Q


@:6X@

M(&5N9&5D#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@




'!X.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

T0G

M86QI9VX]

M



M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M;3XF(WA!

M

PP+#`I(#%P=!S

M(WA!

M.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,30@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&(^*$EN#0H@=&AO=7-A;F1S
M*3PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ+#`W,RPQ.3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XT-BPY-C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



#L\+W1D

M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M






65M.R!4


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M
#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

3
X+#@V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#L\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L
3$Y+#(P
M-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL





T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU+#DY
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@V
3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^*28C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#0V
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M


M
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T

C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q,#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T0G0D]21$52+51/



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@


M


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#0S.2PT-S8\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S-PP.#8\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





T1B;W1T



W!X

M9VX]


M



T0G0D]21$52+51/










M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M:&5R('1H86X@9V]O9'=I;&PL(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
M
30@86YD(#(P
3
@:7
@87


3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L



M.R!&3TY4+49!34E



'!X)R!C96QL

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C
M96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B

T0G0D]21$52


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR.PY.34\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@



M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

C@L.3DU/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H






@9'5E('1O('1H92!I;7!A8W0-B!O9B!F
M;W)E:6=N(&5X8VAA;F=E+B!/=7(@,C`Q-!A;F0@
C`Q
R!I;7!A:7)M96YT

M='

M.B!R9V(H



M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@
M,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET

M9R!A;6]U;G1S(&%N9!A8V-U;75L871E9!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@;W5R
M#0H@9FEN:71E(&QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M
M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
30@86YD#0H@
C`Q



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U3


@3F5W(%)O

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B

30\+V(^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

#L\+W1D

M+49!34E

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H



T1B;W1T


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]



#LF
M(WA!

T0R

T1B;W1T;VT^


7!T
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C



T1B;W1T;VT@








M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

#L\



T1B;W1T;VT^

M-PS,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT@

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS.3(L-S4W

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#@R.3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,BPS.38\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#(T.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@


M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,7!X.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SXH


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS,BPU-SD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
RPU
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

C8L-#8V

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3DL
S`R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


7!X.R!6


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,PW-C
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

3
X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX
M+#@X
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-2PW
M,#@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/BDF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T



65M.R!4

#L\



T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^-C4L


#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]



7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N










M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDP-2PV-S,\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T1B





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H






@87)E#0H@*#$I


RDF
M(WA!

L#0H@*#0I)B-X03`[9F]R
M;75L87

#MC;VUP



RXT('EE87)S
M(&%S(&]F#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@

M3$]2.B!R9V(H

M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M
S
N-2!M:6QL:6]N+!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X
M03`[,S$L#0H@,C`Q-P@
C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P


M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@









M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




M9'
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XV,2PP-3D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


T1T


#$V/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C4Y+#`V-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M




M3E0M4TE:13H@

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

C`Q

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU,BPY,#8\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P



T0G1D].

#$Y
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4P+#DQ-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3

M+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q

M#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q-!A;F0@,C`Q,R!W97)E(0W
38N
M







N#0H@07-S
M=6UP=&EO;G





3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
M
E]A
F$Q7S




M:G


M9#TS1$E$


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%

T0Q

M1#`^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0T)2!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0^/&(^.2X\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\8CY!0T-/54Y44R!005E!0DQ%($%.1!!0T-2545$#0H@
M15A014Y315

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52

T0Y
B4@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

@3F5W

#L\+W1D/@T*






M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;3XF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(Q-RPR,C8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
X+#8V.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Q+#$V
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M.B`G5&EM97

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

3$L
#
P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T




#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

#(\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\




M86QI9VX]


\

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,BPT-SD\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF(WA!
#L\

$$P



T0G1D].


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;&4]



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M#0H@5&]T86P\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

CDV+#@V
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

C
X+#@Q
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

#L\+W`^#0H@#0H@#0H@

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R
M83%?











3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

]

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S


T0Q



M1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@;V8@26YC;VUE(&9R;VT@8V]N

M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].
M5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B



'!X.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M

T1B


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q

M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M





#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-




@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R-PY,3`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4


M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@
M1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]





#LF
M(WA!

T0R
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($9E9&5R86P\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

S0L-#0W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(S+#8Q-CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X


M(WA!
#LF(WA!



M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

BPQ-#$\+W1D

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!&;W)E:6=N/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%1O=&%L

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS.PU.#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#LF(WA!

@3F5W(%)O

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@X+#(S
M-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T1T;W`^


M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8P-3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,RPT,#0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT




M3E0M4TE:13H@



M

T1B;W1T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I



T0G0D]21$52+51/



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*





T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^-2PW



M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C
W+#DR
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\


#LF
M(WA!

M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M


T0G0D]21$52+51/





M;&4]








'!X)SX-

M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P
M=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D



7!T('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M9'
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0W+#@P
M
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

L-S$Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
RPT-S


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#$T-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#(V
M-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T+#4W.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-2PP-SD\+W1D/@T*(#QT



65M.R!415A4

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/B@S+#DY-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N

M


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!

M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M




M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
U+#@T-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*





M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X


#L\+W1D



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L









T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

T0V.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H


M
#LF(WA!

M
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


M
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M
T1C96YT97(^/&(^


T1B;W1T


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



Z/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M5&EM97

M:71S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@L-38Y/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#DQ
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

3DL
C4V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@


M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T+#8P
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M='1O;3XF(WA!

M

M3$5&5#H@


\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XQ-PW
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#8X
#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XW,2PS,CD\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M8FEL:71I97

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
S4U+#(Q.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]


#L\+W1D

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R+#4S
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XH
C4U+#8T-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M

T0G



M9V(H


M9V(H


#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R
#8L




M


M(#QT9#XF(WA!


M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M92!3:&5E='
@:7
@87

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512


M03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@1D].








M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q
SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT



T1C96YT97(^




@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C
U+#4V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M
#LF(WA!

M13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
S$Y
M+#0U-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

#L\


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%1O=&%L(&YE

\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





T1B;W1T



W!X
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U14

M1D].5#H@



M(')E='5R;G



N


65A<B!E;F1E9!$96-E



'!X.R!#

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




N)B-X
C`Q.3MS
M(#(P

M
#$T+!T:&4-B!#;VUP86YY('-E='1L960@86X@25)3(&5X86UI;F%T:6]N


3$@=&%X


&%M:6YA=&EO;G,@87)E(&5X<&5C=&5D('1O(&)E
M(&-O;7!L971E9!I;B`R
#$U(&]R(#(P
38N(%1H90T*($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S


M9V(H

M24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@

M($UA;F%G96UE;G0@97-T:6UA=&5S('1H870@:70@:7

M;W-S:6)L92!T:&%T('1H92!T;W1A;`T*(&%M;W5N=!O9B!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ
M960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S(&-O=6QD(&1E8W)E87-E(&)Y(&%S(&UU8V@@87,-
MB`D

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4


M96-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%N9`T*(&5N9&EN9R!A

M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE('-T





T0P/@T*

M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-


PP+#`I(#%P=!S;VQI


#LS






M(WA!


B!A;&EG

#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M*#`L

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,3`@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&(^*$EN
M#0H@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&)A;&%N8V4\

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

3(L-#DY/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY+#4R.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

3$L
SDV/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0W-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XR.#

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C$L


#LF(WA!

M

M3$5&5#H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Q+#
V-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]

M#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

S4P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XH,2PV.3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M3E0M4TE:13H@

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@U

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@U

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T




'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!5;G)E8V]G;FEZ
M960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S(&5N9&EN9R!B86QA;F-E/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M





M;&]N9RUT97)M#0H@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@:6X@:71S($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!

#$T)B-X03`[87)E(&%M;W5N='

S$L#0H@
C`Q-!A;F0@1&5C
M96UB97(F(WA!,#LS,2P@,C`Q,RP@)#4N,B!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D
BXS(&UI


M9V(H

M24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


@9&]M97-T:6
@86YD


@;6EL;&EO;B!R


S`-B!A;F0@,C`S-X\+W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R


M8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S(&EN(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92X@
M1'5R:6YG#0H@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
M
30L(#(P
3

M)@P+C$I(&UI;&QI;VXL(0H


R!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D,XR(&UI


#$T(&%N9`T*(#(P
3
L(')E

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N

M.B`Q


M86YY#0H@87!P;&EC86)L92!5+E


@
M:&%D(&YO=`T*(&)E96X@:6YD969I;FET96QY(')E:6YV97-T960L(&1E9F5R
&EM871E;'D@)#



3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L


M(WA!

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2

'!T






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
M
5\S
6%B-F$Y

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1R

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL

T0Q



PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,G!T(=4




M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-CDE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4U-PP
M,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

#LF
M(WA!


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU,S4L,#`P/]T9#X-

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M5&5R;2!
;V%N/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

CDX
M+#4P
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T1N;W=R


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@


M(WA!
#LF(WA!




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

C`R

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C0P
PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3XF(WA!



T1N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(#(P
3@@
M3F]T97


T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

30[)B-X03`[)B-X


#LF(WA!

#`\+W1D

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4L-#DV/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M97

M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-#4Y+#@V
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/CDT
PT.38\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M

T1T;W`^





M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

W
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,2PU
M-3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/BDF(WA!

M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M96)T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/CDS.PY-#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2


M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E4





M:#H@

M3U)$15(M0T]


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=VED=&@]
T0X

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$U/]P

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

30L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO




3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T1B;W1T



30L-C
Q

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@





3!P

M5#H@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96TG/@T*(%1H97)E869T97(\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C8X
RPV


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M

#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#


M=!O9B`D.3`P#0H@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@=&AE(0S
#`@;6EL;&EO;B!497)M





M(&]F(&9E97

6QE/3-$

'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX-
MB!/;B!*=6QY)B-X03`[,CDL(#(P,30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@
M:6YT;R!T:&4@06UE;F1M96YT('1O#0H@:71S($-R961I=!!9W)E96UE;G0@
M9&%T960@87
@;V8@36%Y)B-X03`[-BP@


C`P(&UI;&QI


'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX-



@

$$P





30[($%S(&]F#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
M
2P@
C`Q-P@)#,S-XW(&UI;&QI;VX@;V8@=&AE(&%G9W)E9V%T92!C;VUM
M:71M96YT#0H@;V8@)#DP

#$Y+B!)

#$T+!T
M:&5R92!W97)E(0Q












#M
24)/

2XR-24@=&\@
BXP



M:6X@=&AE($-R961I=!!9W)E96UE;G0I+!P;'5S(&$@;6%R9VEN(')A;F=I


3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L




L(&EN#0H@861D:71I;VX@=&\@8V5R=&%I;B!L96=A

N+!A;F0@4VYA8VL-B!087)E






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#


#$T+`T*('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@




M(#$N-3`E('1O(#(N



M8F5R)B-X03`[
S`L(#(P

M('1O('-U8G-T86YT:6%L;'D@=&AE('-A;64@8V]V96YA;G1S(&%S('1H90T*


M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].
M5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@





#$Y.W
@


XR-24-B!T;R`Q
M+C`P)2X@4&%Y;65N='


P+`R,#$T+B!4:&4@06-Q=6ES
M:71I;VX@5&5R;2!,;V%N(&ES('-U8FIE8W0@=&\-B!S=6)S=&%N=&EA;&QY

N($%S(&]F
M($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P

M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@3$545$52+5-004-)




30[)B-X03`[3VX@36%R8V@F(WA!
#LQ
2P-B`R,#$T+!T:&4@0V]M

@;V9F97)I


SDT(&UI;&QI;VX@*0T,#`@;6EL;&EO;B!L97-S
M('5N9&5R=W)I=&EN9R!D:7-C;W5N=`T*(&]F(0V(&UI;&QI;VXL('!R;W9I





'1I;F=U:7-H960@=&AE(')E;6%I
M;FEN9R`D
3`R(&UI;&QI;VX@;V8@

M=VEN9W




M:6=A=&EO;G
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN(%1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y
M.W




M;VX@36%R8V@F(WA!
#LQ-2!A;F0@4V5P=&5M8F5R)B-X03`[
34@;V8@96%C
M:!Y96%R+`T*(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!397!T96UB97(F(WA!,#LQ-2P@,C`Q-X@
M5&AE(#(P
C(@3F]T97




C`R



4

40[('!R96UI=6TN($]N(&]R(&%F=&5R

34L(#(P




U)2!O9B!T:&4-





M=6%L('1O(#$P

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E4




@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@





@
M87


#(R($YO=&5S(&AA=F4@86X@:6YV



'!X

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:#H@

4
[55)!)B-X


4
[


#$Y.W
@4&ET
M='-B=7)G:P@4&5N;G-Y;'9A;FEA(&9A8VEL:71I97,N(%1H92!A9W)E96UE
M;G0-B!W87
@=')A;G-F97)R960@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@87







@36%Y)B-X03`[
2P@





3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





G($5Q=6ET


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]

]
T1T

3!P=#L@







M87)E+B!.;R!D:79I9&5N9'




38L(#(P
30L('1H


@;V8@=&AE('-E=F5R86P@=6YD97)W

#%#



C`Q.3MS(&-O;6UO;B!S

C(L(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP

M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R
M7V$R83%?

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T

]
M


T1T
M;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@



T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T
M)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&(^
3



M*3L@1D].5#H@




M;B!S:&%R97








3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M






PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,G!T(=4:6UE




M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^




7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^
M/&(^


T1B;W1T;VT^


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q



T1B




@

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XX-BPY.#@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M








65M.R!415A4+4E.


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS.2PS-#@\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS-BPT
3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


M9V(H


#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@




T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C(N


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+C0T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

BXR
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(N
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU

M*3L@1D].5#H@
$$P.SPO

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

05!313H@8V]L




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
T0P/@T*

T1L

@97AC;'5D960@


#$T
M+`R,#$S+!A;F0@
C`Q


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B
M-F$Y








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@5$58

M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q



M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@

4

40[
M*2X@169F96-T:79E($9E8G)U87)Y)B-X03`[.2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE(%!L86X@

N(%1H92!#;VUP96YS871I
M;VX@0V]M;6ET=&5E(&1E=&5R;6EN97








@=6YD

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

M3TY4.B`Q





F(WA!
#MM:6QL:6]N(')E;6%I;@T*(&%V86EL






Q
M+`R,#$T+`R


C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U3







T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U3



M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M


4@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M5$]-.B!R9V(H



M8B@P+#`L

M/&)R(\^#0H@4F5M86EN:6YG/&)R(\^#0H@0V]N=')A8W1U86P\8G(@+SX-


M




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@/&(^*$EN)B-X03`[=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+W1D

M5&EM97

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E
M;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($]U='-T86YD:6YG+!A=!*86YU
M87)Y)B-X03`[
2P@

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+C$\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@T+#@T
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($=R86YT960\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS.#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M:'0^-SDN
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($5X97)C

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L

M
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR.2XS-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M.B`G5&EM97

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($]U='-T86YD:6YG+!A=!$

Q+`R,#$T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M(WA!



M

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0Y+C4S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8X+#
Y-CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@


M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M.S
Q+`R,#$T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*




M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C0W+CDS/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8W+#
T
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T0G

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT+C`\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

S`P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





M




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52

T0X-4@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^


T1B

T0G0D]21$52


@3F5W

#L\+W1D/@T*



M8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M(WA!


B!A;&EG


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B






M:6

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

N-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU+C0\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
N.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

BXT/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

C`N-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XP+C@\



M(&]P=&EO;G



@
BXQ('EE87)S+@T*(%1H92!A=F5R86=E(&=R86YT(&1A

C`Q-P@,C`Q
M,RP-B!A;F0@
C`Q
B!W87

C`N-S`L

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

M3TY4.B`Q


@;V8@



G!T.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET

@87)E



C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P
3(@87)E#0H@8F%S960@;VX@:&ES=&]R

M9FEE9!M971H;V0@87,@9&5S8W)I8F5D('5N9&5R('1H92!314,-B!3=&%F



30L(#(P
M
3




M:61T:#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0V
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
30\

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3
\

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3(\





M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
BXX-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]

M;&4]


T0G


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R



#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XP+C`P/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XP+C`P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M871E/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

BXP
SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C$N

M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8N

T1B;W1T

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8N

T1B;W1T

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8N





M






@:&%V90T*(&1E


@

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P-








3$%0


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0T.4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-



M(%-T;V-K)B-X03`[56YI='
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF
M(WA!

T0R



7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^

M(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


B!A;&EG;CTS

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

#$T
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

S$W/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU.XY.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!697-T960\+W`^#0H@/]T

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4T+C$W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!



M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@

M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]







M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A


#LF(WA!
#L\

7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

W!X


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2

G!T





T0P/@T*

M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-


PP+#`I(#%P=!S;VQI





#LF
M(WA!

T0R
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T0G

T1T;W`^#0H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XX+CD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,BXP/]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M=&5D('-T;V-K('5N:71S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0N
M-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



RXS/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ

M5#H@




38N-R!M:6QL:6]N(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X
M03`[
S$L(#(P

M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

\+VD^
M)B-X03`[)B-X







@86YY
M#0H@=6YI='




#$T+!B87-E9!O;B!A

M:6YT;R`U+#4T
2!S:&%R97



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


#L\+W`^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#



M=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




M:61T:#H@

T0P('=I

M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/CPO


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




M8G(@+SX-B!&86ER(%9A;'5E/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E<CX-B`\8CXH26XF(WA!
M

I/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO








T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$
M<FEG:'0^-30N.3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&4]


T0G

M;W)F96ET960\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\

$$P


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



65M.R!4

Q
M+`R,#$T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR-CD\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52

T0X-4@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-S8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^


T1B

T0G0D]21$52


@3F5W

#L\+W1D/@T*



M8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M(WA!


B!A;&EG


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^*$EN#0H@;6EL
M;&EO;G
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@





M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+C0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$N
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M5&EM97

@
M=F5S=&5D/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N-#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

BXP/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


@=F5S=&5D/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M:'0^

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+C(\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX-

M9F]R;6%N8V4@=6YI='
@:7




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E
M7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T

3!P=#L@






M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]2

T0Y
M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-#,E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M+49!34E

M8B@P+#`L

#LH
2D\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M86X]


T1B;W1T


M
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M


#LH
RD\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M(WA!

T0R

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M

#LQ+`R,#$R/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q
2PX

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R
BPS-C(\+W1D/@T*



65M.R!4



#L\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-C$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M97



T0G1D].

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XH,BPW,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L











M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
30L-3(U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/B@Q

T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M


\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R



T1B;W1T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
C(L-C@R/]T9#X-B`\



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M
#LF(WA!


M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XQ,#@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW+#0U
3PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M(WA!

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q
M-2PQ
C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M





65M.R!415A4


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH


M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@W+#`W-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]


T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

30[)B-X03`[)B-X


#LF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


#$T

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#L\






M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.


M;W-S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S



M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-2PY,S$\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\

7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M


M


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@



M/BDF(WA!


T1B;W1T

C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@U,2PS,C8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M/BDF(WA!



M:'0^#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52



#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@






'!X.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^*#$I/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y4:&4@9F]R96EG

@;F]T(&YE

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S







T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

T1L969T/B@R*3PO=&0^



M*#



T0G1D].





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U3


@3F5W(%)O

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D




M
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^069F96-T960F(WA!
#M
:6YE)B-X03`[
M:6X\8G(@+SX-B!4:&4F(WA!,#M#;VYS;VQI9&%T960\8G(@+SX-B!3=&%T
M96UE;G1S)B-X03`[;V8F(WA!
#M);F-O;64\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q
SPO8CX\


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


T1B;W1T;VT^


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M


M



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$W-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M:'0^


#LF(WA!

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


30[)B-X


#LF(WA!

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!






#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3
Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU


3!P=#L@

M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XV.#$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M;3XF(WA!



M

M86QI9VX]



M3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($]T:&5R/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

30[)B-X03`[)B-X


#LF(WA!


M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XH-C$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M97


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
M
3`L-#




M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDL-S$W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D




M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#8X
SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T+#4Y
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


#L\




M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@







M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L




M92UW:61T:#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

05!313H@8V]L




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
T0P/@T*

T1L


M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y


M;G0]

2!R






]


]

M





@86YD(')E=&ER965S


M;V)L:6=A=&EO;G



M;VUP96YS871I;VXL#0H@8F5N969I='

M

M5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@

#(P,30[
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[($-E<G1A:6X-B!O9B!O=7(@;F]N+75N:6]N(&5M<&QO



@=&\@=&AE('!L86YS

C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P




PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,'!T(=4

G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



#LF(W@R




M03`[87-S971S#0H@8V]N=')I8G5T960@=&\@=&AE(&UU;'1I96UP;&]Y97(@

BDF(WA!


@8V]N=')I8G5T:6YG('1O('1H90T*('!L86XL('1H92!U

M;F0@*#



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
M



C`Q-P@=VET:!N;R!R96UA:6YI

M;G
@:7
@;F]T('!R;V)A8FQE+B!);B`R
#$T+`R,#$S+`T*(&%N9`R
#$R


M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@3$545$52+5-004-)










4
[


@87)E


M

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0G1D].

M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0S(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R/E!E;G-I;VXF(WA!




M+#`L


SXF(WA!
#L\






M34E

7!T('-O;&ED.R!724142#H@

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0S(&%L:6=N/3-$

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M=W-P86X]
T0S(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/E!L86X\8G(@+SX-B!.=6UB97(\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(')O=W-P86X]
T0R(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S(&%L:6=N

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!&



T1B;W1T


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


T1B;W1T


M
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
C`Q


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^
C`Q-#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



#$S/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/C(P

M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


M=6YD/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/C
V+3(Q-30Y
S8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R/C$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/E)E
M9#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Y,CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,B\R-R\R,#$V/]T





@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ


#8W-C4T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^
M1W)E96X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS.#0\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0Q
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/C$\

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^3F\\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
S8\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
V
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M


#LF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+S(X+S(P
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU

M*3L@1D].5#H@
$$P.SPO



M92UW:61T:#H@


'!X.R!#

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@



M/3-$-S$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4)/

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

M96UB97(F(WA!
#L@


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%)O8VMF;W)D





















N(%=E(')E=FEE=R!T:&4@






M
#$Y.W




M;V8@8F5N969I='


M(&)E;F5F:71S('=I=&AO=70-B!U;F1U92!R:7-K+B!!9&1I=&EO;F%L;'DL
M('=E(&-O;G-I9&5R('1H92!W96EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E(')E='5R;@T*(&]F
M(&$@8V%P:71A;!M87)K971S(&UO9&5L(&%N9!H:7-T;W)I8V%L(')E='5R
M;G


M('-E8W5R:71I97
@;V8@-#`N




M87)I;'D@:6YC;'5D90T*(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(&EN(&-O;&QE8W1I=F4@9G5N
M9'

@:6X@80T*(&-O


@86YD

M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP
M*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X

M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M(WA!
#LS
2P@








T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

T1C96YT97(^/&(^3&5V96PF(WA!

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M;3XF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!3:&]R=!497)M($EN=F5S=&UE;G0@1G5N

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($%G9W)E9V%T92!;VYD($EN9&5X($9U;F0@*&(I
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
PS,3(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO




N($UA

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M

M;F0@*&0I/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($-O
M;&QE8W1I=F4@1&%I;'D@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



65M.R!415A4

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

2PS-S4\+W1D/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

S$R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M13H@





M
30E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

63H@)U1I;65S




M
#LF(WA!

M
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/E!E;G-I;VXF(WA!
#M0;&%N)B-X03`[


M97

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/BA);@T*('1H




T0G1D].

M=!497)M($EN=F5S=&UE;G0@1G5N9`H82D\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M(WA!

@3F5W(%)O

M5&EM97


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E
M;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@06QL($-O


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C0L
3$S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T






M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T0G



M9R!-87)K971S($EN9&5X($9U;F0@*&8I/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!

@3F5W

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($1A:6QY($AI9V@@66EE;&0@1FEX960@26YC;VUE

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X


#L\+W1D/@T*


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT.PW-C$\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@
M,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET







N(%!R

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@


T0Q



M


M:79E(&]F('1H:7

-


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




M:61T:#H@

T0P('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

T1L969T/BAD*3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A



I


M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S


T0Q



M(&-R961I=`T*('-E8W5R:71I97






T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$




@26YD


T0G


M(&]F('1H:7


M97@N(%1H:7


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C

T0Q











M;G5A;`T*(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G


M;75M(&%M;W5N='



@=&AA=!I=',-B`R
#$U(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
@=&\@






M97




#LF(W@R



M8F5N969I='

M;&P@8F4@)#`N




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M;GD@8V]N=')I8G5T97






#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]P/@T*(#QP

'!X

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@86)O=70@;W5R('!E

M
C`Q

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2

G!T


@

M9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


7!T
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C



M

M.B!R9V(H

M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M97

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M;CTS1#8@86QI9VX]



3!P=#L@

M

M:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CH\+V(^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG
M/@T*($)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;BP@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L
34U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XS+#
Y
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L-#`W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!



#LF(WA!
M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X


T1N;W=R


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@U
M+#@R-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R.#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@

@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^*28C

#LF(WA!
#L\


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T





T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




3!P

M5#H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV-RPV
#4\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4V+#8W
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD

RPT
M-C
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L
34U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





M





T0G0D]21$52




T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@






'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


@3F5W(%)O;6%N




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



V5M.R!415A4


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L
C0R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E
M;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($-O;7!A;GD@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L
#8P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B


#LF
M(WA!

M.B`G5&EM97

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($)E;F5F:71S('!A:60\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R
M+#
Q-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XH



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

L
M(&%T('EE87(@96YD/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Q+#
Q
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


#LF(WA!


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



W!X(&1O=6)L

M9VX]


M



T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



W!X(&1O=6)L


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,38L,CDS/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!R9V(H

M

M3$5&5#H@


Z

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/B@Q-3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH



M5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q-BPR.3

T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@W+#DQ
3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^*28C

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T



T1B




M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q-BPR.3,\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XH-RPY

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,RPT-C,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XH

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L








M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ.2PR
M,C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XV-3D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0U.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-S@X

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT




M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\

3!P=#L@



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT,C,\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H









T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;3XF(WA!




7!T('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT
M97(^/&(^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU-PV.#@\


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M

T1T;W`^


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;2!N;W=R87`]

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

N

M.S0N
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A


T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

M9V(H



M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P
M=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E


M=`T*(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
M
2P@




M

M15(M0T]


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=&@]
T0V-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



#LF
M(WA!

T0V
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M(WA!

T0V
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G

M86QI9VX]

M


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


7!T('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT
M97(^/&(^4')E+38U/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

T1B


T1T;W`^#0H@


65A<CPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@N
#`\



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C@N

T1B;W1T



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C4N

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4N
#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4N

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C4N

M

M3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0N
C4\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0N

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C4N

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4N
#`\+W1D/@T*

M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;'1I;6%T92!R871E(&%C:&EE=F5D/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

C`R
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(P
C`\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

C`Q.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

M3TY4.B`Q

L


#$T
M+`R,#$S+!A;F0@
C`Q

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2

M.R!&3TY4.B`Q

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL

T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

T1B;W1T


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]


PP+#`I(#%P=!S;VQI

T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0\8G(@+SX-B!


M.B!R9V(H

M.B!R9V(H

M.B!R9V(H

M.B!R9V(H

M.B!R9V(H

M.B!R9V(H

@3F5W

#L\+W1D/@T*


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,!A;&EG

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T




T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@

M;W-T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L
3`W/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#0P-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M:'0^
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$W/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

BPT-3$\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

34S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M:'0^#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X-
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R
M/@T*(#QT<B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B`G5&EM97

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!U

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

C`W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV
#
\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!


3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

M

M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
#(P,30[)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS
M1&YO=W)A<#XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T





T0G



M9V(H


M9V(H


#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
!S;VQI9<^)B-X


T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($YE=!P97)I;V1I8R!C;W-T/]P/@T*(#PO

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R
#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

3
X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-38\+W1D

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@

$$P.SPO<#X-B`\

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M;&4]


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M






M
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X

M/3-$

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M+49!34E

M8B@P+#`L

M#0H@0F5N969I='
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*

T0Q



M
#LF(WA!

M
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;3XF(WA!

M
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;3XF(WA!

M


3(F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M;'-P86X]


30F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


3
F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(#QB/B8C

3(F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!






T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#LM
M)B-X03`[-2XP

T1B

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0N
M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4N

T1B

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0N
M




M

M3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M



M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=72$E4


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X-
#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




M


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV+C4P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M:'0^#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X-
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R
M/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!T
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@
M5T]21U34$%#24Y'.B`P<'@[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

G!T.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET

M=6YT('1H870@=VEL;!B92!A;6]R=&EZ960@9G)O;2!A8V-U;75L871E9!O


M.B!R9V(H





T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0V
M.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


7!T
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C
M96YT97(^/&(^4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/BA);@T*




T0G


\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^

#LF
M(WA!

M

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(P-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,G!T(=4




'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@









T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$


T1B


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B





#LF
M(WA!

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96TG/@T*(#(P



RPQ
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$U-#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E
M;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(#(P
3@\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C$V
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N






M(WA!
#LF(WA!





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@3$545$52+5-004-)


'!X)SX-B!4:&4@969F96-T(&]F(&$@,24@8VAA;F=E
M(&EN(&AE86QT:!C87)E('1R96YD(')A=&5S('=O=6QD(&AA=F4@=&AE#0H@
M9F]L;&]W:6YG(&5F9F5C='


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@

M


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@5$58

M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0V.4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



#LF(WA!
M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96TG/@T*($)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;BP@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+W`^

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@S-3



3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@





M.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M


M:7)E;65N=!M961I8V%L#0H@8F5N969I=',@86YD(&]F('1H;W-E('1H870@
M87)E+!T:&4@;6%J;W)I='D@87)E(&-O=F5R960@8GD@80T*(&UU;'1I+65M

@87)E('!A:60@87
@:6YC


3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
M
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W
M8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C

T0Q




M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@-G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M


M:6QL:6]N+`D-2XY#0H@;6EL;&EO;BP@86YD(0S+C@@;6EL;&EO;BP@9F]R


M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P
M=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E



M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-

@

#L\+W1D


3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


7!T
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C
M96YT97(^/&(^

M

T1B


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q


M9VX]





M

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU+#DT-SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M86QI9VX]

M#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
2PS.3

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*




'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M




$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52



M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H












M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1T
M;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&(^



@3F5W

M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

63H@)U1I;65S



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


M
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M
T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q

M+#`L

M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0S+#4Y
M.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT.PP.3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO


M



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
X+#4S
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

S
L
S`P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T





T1B;W1T;VT^



#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX+#@R-#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO


M


M87-S971S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#8V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


Q+`R,#$T+`R
#$S+!A;F0@,C`Q,B!I;F-L=61E9!T

F(WA!

M92!S:&%R97





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y
#EA-64O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
\


]
T1R


M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&(^

@04Y$#0H@0T].


M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






2XV

M
S$L(#(P
30L(#(P
3




@87



3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L


M

M+49!34E

05!313H@




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(F
M(WA!
#LS



T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!







M='1O;3XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

30L
3@V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV
M+#DY.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2

@86-C

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,BPX
M.3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/BDF(WA!

M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M



PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,'!T(=4:6UE

G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
30L('5N9&5R#0H@;F]N+6-A;F-E;&%B
M;&4@8V%P:71A;!L96%S97,L(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97,L(&%N9!P=7)C


M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M






M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(&-O;'-P86X]


PP+#`I(#%P=!S;VQI

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@



T1B;W1T;VT^


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$U/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L
M


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
2PU
#D\+W1D/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R
M,#$W/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



#L\+W1D


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L.3`S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
M
RPR
C
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

RPY
M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX-B`R,#$Y/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M



#LF(WA!
#L\

$$P


M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

30S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XS+#DX
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^






3!P

M5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

3(V+#8Q-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XG)SX-B`\

3!P

M5#H@


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH



#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M9VX]


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



65M.R!415A4+4E.





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M



T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




\+VD^)B-X03`[)B-X



@=&AA

M=!M87D@8F4@:6YC=7)R960@:6X-B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I=&@@86YY('-U

M)B-X
C`Q.3MS(&]P:6YI;VXL('1H90T*('-E='1L96UE;G0@;V8@86YY('-U



M8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S





]

T1)1#!%

]
T1T



T1T;W`^



M-4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQB/C(P+CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQB/D1%4DE6051)5D4@24Y35%)5345.5%
\

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512


M($-O;7!A;GD@:7

M='

















#(P,3D[<PT*(&]P97)A=&EO;G,@:6X@0V%N861A+!W






@9&\@;F]T('%U86QI9GD@9F]R#0H@:&5D9V4@86-C



'!X.R!#3TQ/

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@


'!X


@9&5R:79A




@

L('=I=&@@


'!X.R!#3TQ/

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@


'!X








M97

34@





PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,'!T(=4






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U3


@3F5W(%)O

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#,W)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

PP+#`I(#%P=!S;VQI



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1C96YT97(^/&(^0F%L86YC
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$-B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E<CX-B`\8CXH26XF(WA!
M

6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M/&(^/'4^07-S970@1&5R:79A=&EV97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




#LF(WA!
M



M



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T




'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!#;VUM;V1I='D@8V]N=')A8W1S/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97
@86YD(&]T

T1B;W1T






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M





T0G0D]21$52




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX-B`\8CX\=3Y,:6%B:6QI='D@1&5R:79A=&EV97,\+W4^/]B


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XS+#`T-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\




M
#LF(WA!

M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L

#LF
M(WA!
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-





M

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0G1D].

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0T,4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W1D

M+49!34E
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M





#$T/]B
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO






3!P

M5#H@


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDS-SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X


T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\




M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!#;VUM;V1I='D@8V]N=')A8W1S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H






#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M
30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!

M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@


M



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
RPP-3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C4V
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



W!X(&1O=6)L

T1B



M
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU

M*3L@1D].5#H@
$$P.SPO


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B
M-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

05!313H@8V]L;&%P




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
T0P/@T*(#QT

T1L969T




G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@

Q+`R
M,#$T(&%N9`T*($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[,S$L(#(P,3,Z/]P/@T*(#QP('-T

'!X.R!#

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M=&@]
T0U
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T


PP+#`I(#%P=!S;VQI

M9V(H

M


T0G

M86QI9VX]

M


M='1O;3XF(WA!


B!A;&EG

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!







M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M/3-$
CXF(WA!


I/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

#L\+W1D
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86XG)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P


65M.R!415A4+4E.


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T1B;W1T

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-34Y
M+#`X-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

#L\



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

@

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$58


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-3
R+#(R-CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^*28C

#L\+W1D/@T*

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XH
CDX+#4P
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]

M;3XF(WA!



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT






30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT@




M;&4]

#(R($YO=&5S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T
M
#`L


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

T1B

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX-B`R,#$X($YO=&5S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@

C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




#L\


T1B;W1T;VT@



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]



T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!#;VUM;V1I='D@8V]N=')A8W1S/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M/B@S+#`T-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3XF(WA!




M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@L-C@P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

T1B;W1T

M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P
M=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@3$545$52


'!X)SX-B!#87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV





M.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M



C`R


979E




@



M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P
M=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@3$545$52




M92!3:&5E='


M


M9B!T:&4@:6YV97-T;65N='

M

2!I;G!U='


M7S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP.6$U90T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


\




T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

BX\
M+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\8CY3












M*3L@1D].5#H@






M='




M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





[($UE


@86YD(&9O;V0@9&ES=')I8G5T:6]N


G!T.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E



















@




@;F]T(&%L;&]C









M9F]R=&@@:6X@3F]T90T*(#$F(WA!
#L\:3Y3=6UM87)Y(&]F#0H@4VEG;FEF







'!X.R!#3TQ/

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@




M1#4W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

T1B;W1T


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




65M.R!415A4+4E.

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

BPQ-S
L
SDQ/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#8T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M/C$L-38X+#`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M





M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS.#`L
#8Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

S
X+#
U-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
Y
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

CDP+#@V.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#(Y
RPY


M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M='1O;3XF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1T



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M97

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

S(V+#DT
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(T-PW,S8\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M;VUE/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT-RPQ


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
PQ,3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT
M,RPY,3,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G

T1T;W`^#0H@



<^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!

M


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M

T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

S
S+#
Q
CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-2PR
S$\+W1D/@T*(#QT



65M.R!415A4


M86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH




M;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
38R+#
X-SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96TG/@T*($]P97)A=&EN9R!I;F-O;64\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C(Q.PQ-30\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



#L\

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-3(L-C$X

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/



M

M3$5&5#H@

M92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R-PY,3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP


3(T
M+#(P.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XT,PR


T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C
V+#
P
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]





T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^.2PS

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW+#0U
3PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU+#
W.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M



M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@


T1B




M
#LF(WA!


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@
M,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET




C`Q
R!A;F0@
M
C`Q



N/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/'1A

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/DEN8VQU9&5S


@9F]R(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(N/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E4


3
N

#$T+`R,#$S
M+!A;F0-B`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL('=I=&@@
3$N
R4L(#$R+C(E
M+!A;F0@,3(N,24@9G)O;2!#86YA9&$@:6X-B`R
#$T+`R,#$S+!A;F0@
M
C`Q

M9'5C='


M*3L@1D].5#H@


;VYG+6QI

@;&]C871I;VX@;V8@;&]N

M.B!R9V(H



M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@



M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M+#`L

M5$]-.B!R9V(H

#L\+W1D/@T*


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;3XF(WA!

B!A

#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!






3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

@3F5W

M.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T


3!P

M5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



3!P=#L@

M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T



T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT-C(L
M


#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO9F]N

$$P


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M



PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,G!T(=4:6UE




M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@


#LF(W@R







M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@


M=F%B;&5S(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L




#LF(W@R







'!X.R!#3TQ/

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@




M1#4U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

T1B;W1T


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3
\

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB
M/C(P



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q




3!P=#L@

M

Z/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

\+W`^

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

S0Q+#4T-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

C
T+#0S
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR.#0L
#(W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@


M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS-C$L
CDP/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO







M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
#@L

M
#LF(WA!

M13H@


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A




M


T0G1D].


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

@

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$V.2PX-#
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

38R+#DU
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

3
Y+#(X-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C$R-BPX

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY-BPQ
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW
PW,C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C
V+#4W
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

S
P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
<^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\

3!P=#L@


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C(L.30V+#$P,CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+#$X,BPQ,C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2



3=B
M9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q





^+RH@1&\@


$5!




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


@3F5W

M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q



M*3L@1D].5#H@


M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@






MB`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M5$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


7!T
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L

M5$]-.B!R9V(H







L#0H@97AC97!T




@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M5&EM97


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XW.34L-S(V/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

@


3
R+#DY
M
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$U.PU.#@\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
S

#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS,PW
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XR
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M


#LF(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!87-I8R`H

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XN,SD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/BXT.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XN.#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M


T0G1D].


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


3!P=#L@1D].

65M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3$T+#$W
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Q-2PR-C
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

3
V+#4T-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

S
L
S4T/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

S0L
S`Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ.PU-C4\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF(WA!
#L\



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XN-C
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X



#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XN-C(\+W1D/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/BXV
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XN-3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/BXV
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U3


@3F5W(%)O

M=VED=&@]
T0Q


3!P=#L@




T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
M










T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M-D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/E1H92!#

@:6X@3V-T;V)E








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1T
M;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&(^

M1!.3TXM1U5!4D%.5$]2#0H@1DE.04Y#24%,($E.1D]234%424]./]B/CPO

M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP
M*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M-G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X

M86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS(#(P
C(@3F]T97
@87)E(&=U87)A;G1E960@9G5L;'D@




M=70F(W@R
#$Y.W


M='



Q+`R,#$T+`R
M
#$S+!A;F0@,C`Q,BX@5V4@=7-E9!T:&4@97%U:71Y(&UE=&AO9`T*('=I


@86YD#0H@:6YT97)C;VUP86YY


'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L








'!X)R!A;&EG;CTS

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4


M#0H@)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/

T0Q
#`E(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M(')G8B@P+#`L


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


7!T('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT
M97(^/&(^16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!#87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M
S
L


#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU,2PY.#$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


T1T


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/CDL


#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT.PT,#@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#$T

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M

M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;W)I97

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A




M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
C(L.3`Y

M(WA!
#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C$Y+#$Y-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+W1D
#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
U+#4V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97
@86YD(&]T:&5R

T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R+#@Q
CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR-PY.#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52




3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R-BPV

T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDT.2PT
S8\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M9VX]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(X
M+#0Q
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDY+#(V
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

30[
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]


M;&4]

T1B;W1T






T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#8V-RPY.#4\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
S0L
S(V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

M9VX]

M)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M*#(L.#`S+#8U
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[


M;F5T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



3(L

M
#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XH
3(L


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X



#LF
M(WA!

M


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XU-2PX,C8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ.#(L-CDP/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

M86QI9VX]

M)B-X
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+#@R.PT
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C8U
PW,C8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#DP
RPP


#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/



#L\+W`^



M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(#QB/DQI86)I;&ET:65S(&%N9!3=&]C:VAO;&1E

F(W@R

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E

Z
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU,2PQ,C4\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R-BPV,3D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR.38L


#LF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T

C`Q-#L\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

30L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M


M


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O

M5&EM97

\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU.PU
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M
C(U+#DT-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU,RPT,#,\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M
S$Q+#(S
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@

M=&5R;2!D96)T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

2PT

#LF
M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C


#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

2PT-#4L-#@X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@




M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0R+#0Q-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
3DL-#4T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@



M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^

M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$V+#8R
M
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

M.B`G5&EM97

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M

T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-S4Y+#(U-SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+#(V.2PS,C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
BPX
M
#


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

$$P


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M#0H@5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97

3D[


M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C(L.#(X+#0Q.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L
M.3`S+#`P-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N




M(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M


#L\


M9#XF(WA!


3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@

M


T1C96YT97(^/&(^0V]N


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@

M


T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C
M96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512


M



M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3TQ


'!X)R!C

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!A


M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


M
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]



65M.R!4

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR
M,RPR-C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0S/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR,RPQ-C0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]

M#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C0V+#0W-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($EN
M=F5S=&UE;G1S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%
M1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I

T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(U
M.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
V+#`T
3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X



#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO


M



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
30L.3$R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M97


T1N;W=R


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#
W-3PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R
M+#4Y
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XW-3@\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

30L
38T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


M9V(H


#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W

M.B`G5&EM97

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M

M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M='DL('!L86YT+!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT+!N970\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XQ,RPT,C8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
M-C(L


#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDU.2PT-#`\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M
30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(U.PS,#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

M;&4I+!N970\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-30L-S0R/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XH
C(S+#$T.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO






M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



3!P=#L@1D].

65M

M87-S971S+!N970\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT-BPY-#
\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

C@X+#@W
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!

T1B






T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M


M


#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

BPR-3`L-#(S

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C
R
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R+#(V.2PR-S@\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T1B;W1T


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M


M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@

$$P.SPO<#X-B`\

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M;&4]


M97

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO




M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M.B`G5&EM97

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M86YD(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

C8L

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
#0L.3(P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
M-PX-#,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XR


#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T1B;W1T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#0Y
M.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU,SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M9VX]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L


#LF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%1O=&%L

\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\




T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS-PX.38\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

C0P+#
V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

U+#`P
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS
M+#4X,#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XY


#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(Q
RPR
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

C@L-C@Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

T1B;W1T



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-2PY-S(\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

C
L
S@S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0P+#`U.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#DW
PS-3$\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XH
BPR
C@L-C4V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ+#(W,RPQ
M,3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M


M


#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M






65M.R!4

@86YD('-T


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+#(U
M,PT
C
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L-#$V+#DU
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

S(R+#DU.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

C8Y+#(W
M.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP








M3$]2.B!R9V(H













'!X)R!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!

T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M

M/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^16QI
M;6EN871I;VYS/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M



T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


BPU

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV-#DL.3DW/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH

M;2!N;W=R87`]

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L
#$W+#8T.#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\




M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+#,S.2PT.3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@





T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
C`L
C
R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8P-BPV
#0\+W1D/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR

#LF
M(WA!

M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
S
RPS

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX-B!!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV+#4R
M
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS,BPV,#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A







3!P=#L@

M


T1B;W1T;VT^

M(WA!




M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+#0R,3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M



#L\

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
2PS
38\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#LF(WA!


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@X+#DW
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




65M.R!4

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T1B;W1T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Y+#`P
CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]







'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
BPP
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


M





3!P

M5#H@

M;F5T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

3$L-S`Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E
M;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(A,;W-S*2!I;F-O;64@9G)O;2!C
M;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G,L(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97,\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
3
X+#4P.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#@T-#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M


@*&)E;F5F:70I/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4L.#`W/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M


M:'0^#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$W-BPV

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX.2PX.#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Y-C,\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XH

M;W=R87`]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP












M:61T:#H@


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E4


@3F5W

M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M34E

M+#`L



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

BPP
3$L.30T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
M-SDL


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

BPR.3
L.3(W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C
R
BPQ
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M+#$V
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

#L\


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\




M

M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M+#4T
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU-RPP,#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

38V+#@T.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS-BPR-C,\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



3!P=#L@

M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M
C
L


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T




M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^

M(W@R

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C(R-PV,S`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG


M



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XT.PS-3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T+#8T
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT.2PS
#0\+W1D/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/B@R+#$W
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R+#$X-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

C4L.30Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T

C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

S4\+W1D

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


M86QI9VX]


M*#`L


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M;3XF(WA!



M;&4]


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR-3@L
M


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T


#L\+W1D

M9VX]

M)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M
3(T+#DQ
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($EN8V]M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-#(L-#
X

M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M
#LF(WA!


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.

M970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!O9B!S=6)S:61I87)I97,\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XQ-3$L
S`Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!


M/BDF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

C@\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XX-BPY.#@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2


M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT^





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M.B!R9V(H




M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H








'!X)R!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%

T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E





T0G


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M

T1C96YT97(^/&(^16QI;6EN
M871I;VYS/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-



T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


2PY
S8L

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR.34L
C8W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XH-#DL
CDQ/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO


BPQ.#(L
3(U

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X





#L\



$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XU.2PT,#,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

30[)B-X03`[)B-X


#LF(WA!


M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XT-BPR

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-C@L

#LF
M(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]


M;&4]


#LF
M(WA!

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L


#LF(WA!



T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

30[)B-X03`[


#LF(WA!



3!P=#L@1D].

65M



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#4V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C(L-#


#LF(WA!



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L-S@U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-




@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-3`L-34T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#L\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(P
PX,C4\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR-BPU-38\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

S0\+W1D/@T*


T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T+#0S-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M(WA!

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@V
M-#


3!P

M5#H@

M;F5T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S



M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

2PQ
S

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XU



M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M9#XF(WA!

M13H@


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
M
3
L


#LF(WA!



T0G

M9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!)
M;F-O;64@=&%X97,@*&)E;F5F:70I/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M(WA!

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C,L,S`V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($5Q

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M='1O;3XF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
38P+#`R.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L




I/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$U
M


T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@X+#
V
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M


#L\


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L


M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@






3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/


M86YY/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M86X]

T1B

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/



M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H




M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-S8L-C(W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX.2PX.#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH



M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

30[)B-X


#LF(WA!


M/BDF(WA!

M13H@


T1B;W1T;VT^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@U+#DS
3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^*28C

#L\+W1D/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

3!P


T1B

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH.2PY.38\


M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

30[)B-X


#LF(WA!


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
M




#L\

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU-2PQ-#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

30[)B-X


#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($-O;7!R96AE;G-I


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-#0L
#4Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU-RPS
M

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52



#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@






T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2








Q+`R,#$S/]B/CPO



M92UW:61T:#H@


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2

G!T


@

M9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M+49!34E

M8B@P+#`L



T1B;W1T;VT^


M*#`L

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!.970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX-BPY.#@\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$U,2PS,#$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/B@Q-BPV-S,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
3
T+#8R.#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M.B`G5&EM97

M(TQ96TG/@T*($]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3H\

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/B@R

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T





M(WA!


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($1E

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



#L\

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
<^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
M




#L\

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M97

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q
M,BPY,#(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(X+#$S
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A




M



M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


T1B;W1T



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&



65M.R!415A4+4E.

I/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S






T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H







'!X)R!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

S$L(#(P
3(\+V(^










T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$

#L\+W1D/@T*




M5$]-.B!R9V(H


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M;G

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D-O





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($YE

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q-C`L
#(Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M.#@L


#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

#LF
M(WA!


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#8P
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&



V5M.R!415A4+4E.



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

M9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]



M


#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XQ-C$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G



M9V(H


M9V(H


#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T




M9VX]


M


3!P=#L@1D].

65M

M;F-O;64\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$V
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDV
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4L-S(R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


M87)I97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4L-38Q/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M*#$P+#$V
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M.B`G5&EM97



T0G1D].

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDT+#`X-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S+#4T
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M

#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M



M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,C1P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M

M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N

M.B`Q


T1C96YT97(^/&(^
M1FES8V%L(%EE87(@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q-#PO8CX\

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U3


T1C96YT97(^/&(^*$EN('1H;W5S86YD


3)P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S







T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

T0P

M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M
#LF(WA!

M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D=U87)A

M8B@P+#`L

\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;3XF(WA!

M


M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T.2PQ,#,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XH.PV-#$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
3$L.34W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@



T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T


M86QI9VX]



M='DL('!L86YT+!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M*#4W+#`U
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N

M


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]



@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Y+#`Q
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
3`L-C0S/]T9#X-B`\







#L\


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
Q-PY,38\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M97


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


#L\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/@T*

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/B@Y.3
L
#`Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO




M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

T1B


T1B

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M*#4X-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




M('-A;&4@;V8@:6YV97-T;65N='
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!

T1B

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M-C
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C0Y-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T1N;W=R


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^



@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($YE


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
C`V+#DY-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


#L\


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
30L.3$V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!#87-H(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@9FEN86YC:6YG
M(&%C=&EV:71I97,Z/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M(&1E8G0\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0X-PU.34\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,2PU,#0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT.#$L-#`P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH



#L\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S.2PR-3(\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
3
Y+#(U
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M
30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M




M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]




C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS-3@L
S8T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO





T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^



M

M86QI9VX]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C(W+#@S,CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT<B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@



T1B;W1T




W

M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B




M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M

M86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF
M(WA!

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDR

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-#`L
C`U/]T9#X-B`\

M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
3
Y
M+#(U
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,2PW,S0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]







M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T+#4V
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-#$\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]



3!P

M5#H@



M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C(S+#(V.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M


M
#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!#87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV



M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XS,RPR-S,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!


M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


#L\+W1D


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R


T1C96YT97(^/&(^1FES8V%L(%EE87(@16YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512


M



M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3TQ


'!X)R!C

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!A


M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M



7!T('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]



65M.R!415A4+4E.

M(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I

T1B;W1T;VT^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(R-PV-30\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D



3!P

M5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)


3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,2PT.#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T1B

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XH-BPT
#


3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!



#L\+W1D


#L\+W1D

T1B


T1B

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@X+#$T
#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




T0G1D].


\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]

M#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

38U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@

C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M


#LF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M86QI9VX]

M#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M(WA!



#LF(WA!
M

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T+#DW
M
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XH
3`U+#`U-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X



#LF
M(WA!
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].



M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XT,BPP,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,2PY,SD\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

T1B;W1T;VT@




M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0P+#`U-3PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

C8L
3$V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#(Y
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

30[)B-X


#LF(WA!



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

#LF(WA!

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L
CDQ/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#
W
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M
#LF(WA!



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-




@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ


T1B;W1T





M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XH-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($5F9F5C



M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


#L\

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,RPT.3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T





T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@S+#0Y
#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




T0G1D].


\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(S+#(V.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R

T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(V.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDT+#$S
M.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


#L\

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XY-PT



T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M


M


#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#L\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(S+#$V-#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT-BPT-S4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M;&4]


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M


$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M



PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`R-'!T(=4:6UE




M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@




M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P

T1C

@

#L\+W1D


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$

PP+#`I(#%P=!S;VQI

M


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF
M(WA!

T0R
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT

@

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XH-C(L
34S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO


3@R+#8X-#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#(X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

M;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M*#(R
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

#L\

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M
30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M:71I;VYS('1O(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

C$V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M(WA!






C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH.2PR-#
\+W1D/@T*

M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M


#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




M;&4@;V8@9FEX960@87-S971S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XV-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*




M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Q
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M

T1T;W`^


M:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH.PT
M

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q
#4L.#0S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q
#DL
S8R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M.B`G5&EM97



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M9B!D96)T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XH,2PY-C0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@

@3F5W(%)O

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-S0L-C$T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M
30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]




@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
RPX-SD\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

#$T.R8C

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M(WA!



M



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP




'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

M87`]


$$P


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XH-2PY-C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M86YG97

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

#$T.R8C

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ+#@Y-CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L.#DV/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR-C
\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

3(X

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@




M9VX]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

RPR-S
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
M+#(W.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N









T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


30[)B-X


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/CDT+#$S.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


#LF
M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,7!T(=4:6UE

G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



3
S7S@U
M9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S







]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#



T1R
M:6=H=#X\8CY30TA%1%5

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M8V5N=&5R/CQB/E12145%2$]54T4@1D]/1%

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
M1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@


G!T

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E


M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M;W=A;F-E/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R/CQB/E=R:71E+4]F9G



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXF(WA!



3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^




M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/B@R-S

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-B`F(W@R
#$T.R8C

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


S`U

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@


1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT,#4\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ+#`R,SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

2PS
S

3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
M
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W
M8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE

$514%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@

]




M3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



4
[=7
L)B-X
C`Q1#L@;W(@)B-X
M
C`Q0SMO=7(F(W@R

M871I;VXN($EN(#(P
3


M


]


M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@




@

@


@9'5R





C`Q
RP@)#
Q+C8-
MB!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D
3DN




]

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QE;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
#(P
30[#0H@26YV
M96YT;W)I97



M='
@;V8@9FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'
@:6YV96YT;W)I97


N#0H@#0H@












M
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$



#`P
M

M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/E5S969U;!,:69E/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
M

\+W1D

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R

M;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($]F

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
M

6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ


@=VAE;B!C:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S(&EN9&EC871E('1H870@






T1T;W`^26YT
M86YG:6)L92!A;F0@3W1H97(@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q

\+VD^)B-X03`[)B-X
C`Q-#L@261E;G1I9FEA8FQE



3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M13H@



M:6=H=UL:6YE(&UE=&AO9!O=F5R(#$P('1O(#(P('EE87)S/]T9#X-B`\

T1T;W`^3F]N



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M97
\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

B!T;R`W

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@






@:6YD:6-A=&5D('=H96X@=&AE


@=&AA;B!I
M='

@=W)I='1E;B!D;W=N('1O



T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M:7IA8FQE(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&%R92!E=F%L=6%T960@9F]R(&EM



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T











@









M


T1T;W`^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@



M4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;CPO:3XF(WA!
#LF(W@R
















L('=H:6-H(&AA=F4@;F]T(&)E96X@

@870@=&AE('1I



M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T)SX-








@



M;&EK96QY('1H86X@;F]T('1H870@82!T87@@8F5N969I=!W:6QL(&YO=!B


M9VX]

M;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM
M5$]0.B`Q

\+VD^)B-X03`[)B-X


M:6=N(&]P97)A=&EO;G






3D[(&5Q






]

M3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q










!M:6QL:6]N+`D-34N
R!M:6QL:6]N+!A;F0@)#8Q+C4@
M;6EL;&EO;BP@9F]R('EE87)S(&5N9&5D#0H@,C`Q-P@
C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P
M


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86P@26YS=')U;65N='
\+VD^)B-X03`[)B-X
C`Q-#L@1G)O;2!T:6UE('1O









3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@,'!T)SX-B!#;VUP86YY(&%C8V]U


M87-S971S(&]R#0H@;&EA8FEL:71I97




@

M96%R;FEN9W


M;6%L('-A;&5S('-C;W!E#0H@97AC97!T:6]N('5N9&5R('1H92!G=6ED86YC

M=&EV:71I97




]

]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



\+VD^)B-X03`[)B-X
C`Q-#L@







]

T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@



#LF(W@R





M;!L;W-S97,@87)E(&-O=F5R960@=6YD97(-B!C;VYV96YT:6]N86P@:6YS

@:&%V










3!P=#L@

M0V]S='
\+VD^)B-X03`[)B-X

N(%1H97-E(&-H87)G97


R!F








M=&%L960@)#$R+C@-B!M:6QL:6]N+`D


M

\+VD^)B-X03`[)B-X
M



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B
M-F$Y








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D(%5S969U;!




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M
#`P

B!A;&EG

M86XG(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=72$E412U3

BTT

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M9VX]



M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS+3$U('EE87)S/]T


M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


]

M3&EV97


M;&QO=W



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=VED=&@]
T0U
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T-R4^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/E1R861E;6%R:W,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M+6QI;F4@;65T:&]D(&]V97(@
3`@=&\@

\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


T1T;W`^4W1R86EG

@;V8@=&AE#0H@86=R965M

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1T;W`^1F]R;75L87

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y
#EA-64O





]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]

M=7)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QP

'!X

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N

M.B`Q


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@


T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



30@86QI9VX]

M

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M8B@P+#`L

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[
S$L)B-X03`[
C`Q

M



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

63H@)U1I

T1B



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M(WA!



3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW-CD\+W1D

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T



#L\

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\







M


M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-#4V

M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!#3TQ/

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@


'!X

C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@



M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&QO=V5R('!R;V1U8W1I;VX@8V]S='
N(%!R;V1U
M8W1I;VX-B!A=!T:&4@4V5A9F]R=&@L($]N=&%R:6\@9F%C:6QI='D@=V%S


3
L('=I=&@@9G5L;!P;&%N=!C;&]S=7)E(&]C

@

B!M:6QL:6]N(&ES(&EN







3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L










T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0T
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

@3F5W

#L\+W1D/@T*


30@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^4V5A


M.B!R9V(H



M9V(H



M

PP+#`I(#%P=!S





T0G

T1T;W`^#0H@




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M:'0^
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV+#4X
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XV,S4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3XF(WA!



M





T0G


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X



#LF(WA!



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L-C$X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


T1B;W1T



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&



65M.R!415A4+4E.


M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX.34\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T+#`X.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R





$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X(&1O

#L\+W1D/@T*



M

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

3
S
M7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S







]

T1)1#!%14]!0SX-



S$L(#(P
M








'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG


#LF
M(WA!

M


1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M




T0C0T-%149&/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

3(X+#(R-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M


M96YT/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M
#LF(WA!

M13H@



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

C

#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV
M+#
P
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY+#0Y-SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X


M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
#4L


#LF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P




M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[




#L\

3!P=#L@


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XX-34L
3


#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T1T;W`^0G5S


M)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q




#$S+B!!



M=&EO;BP@86YD(')E;&%T960@:6YC;VUE#0H@=&%X97




M:79E(&]F(&9U='5R92!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


#L\+W1D

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L
S
R+#$P.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

BPY.3`L-S0Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%!R;R!F

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@U+#`V-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


P
#`P
#`@



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO



@96%R
M;FEN9W

M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$N


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

2XY
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^#0H@



M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\+W1A

]
T1P




]
M

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T


M;6EN87)Y(&%L;&]C871I;VX@=&\@;F5T('1A;F=I8FQE(&%N9`T*(&EN=&%N


M4BU#3TQ


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#4X
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T1T;W`^


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
PY-#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M(WA!
#LF(WA!


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-#@S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0S
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@

3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E
M;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($=O;V1W:6QL/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T



M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*


M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@W+#8T
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP('-T




M
30R+#8X-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



P
#`P
#`@

]
T1R

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@






#L\




M/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


#L\+W1D


M8CY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#

M86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT



#$S


#LF(WA!
M



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

\+W`^#0H@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

RPP
#8L.#8P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#0R
$$P


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XX
BPS



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M4TE:13H@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

BXP.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+C$W/]T

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L

3!P=#L@1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+C`U

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(N,3(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\





]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



-B!A8W%U:7)E9!A;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I
M97




'!X

M0T]



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M
T0W.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#0R
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG
M/@T*(%)E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^



#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%1R861E
M(&YA;65S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

BPS
S(\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M

M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!

@3F5W

M.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@L-3(R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XU

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%



M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

S
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T1T;W`^


\+W`^

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@V+#DW-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@


M




#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T
BPR
C@\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ.#0L.3`R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



M86QI9VX]






3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




@:68@

M8V]G;FEZ960@87



6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
M3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/
M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP
M*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X





PP+#`I(#%P=!S;VQI







M(WA!

M.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


63H@


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T)R!A;&EG

M
#MD871A*3PO8CX\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C(L-#@V+#`U.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XY,RPY,3`\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M



M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%!R;R!F

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B
M;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN92`O





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@

]

]
T1T97AT

3!P=#L@1D].



M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



#$T/]B/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

M63H@5&EM97


M

M4F]M86XG(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4L
M


#LF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#8Y
CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0C

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M:6YC;VUE/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

2PW

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

#`P

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P




M


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@L-C@P

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

P
#`P
#`@
M


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@

3=B9#8Q
S-?
M.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E



]



T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I
M97



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0W
M.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-

M86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$

#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M

T1C96YT97(^/&(^*$EN#0H@


T0C

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M:'0^

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
S0L.#4V/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R
PU,#,\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\

M

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU.30L
#DX/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

T1B;W1T;VT@



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R
M83%?

O4VAE970T








]






M/3-$-S8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C
M96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M86QI9VX]

M93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R

M;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($QA




#DW/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

C`Y+#$Q-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

S
\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

V+#(U-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M


M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0S+#$T-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XY


#LF(WA!



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
M-C(L


#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

P
M
#`P
#`@


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@

3=B9#8Q
S-?
M.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E






]


G!T.R!-

M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^



T1B


M
30@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^*$EN#0H@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+W1D



'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!4

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX-#4L

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY-PS.3,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S,RPU.#(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

M;VYS/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4L
SDQ/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
3`Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

#`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XQ


#LF(WA!




M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O



M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
M+#DY
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@V
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M;3XF(WA!



M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L-#8Q
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R






M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M86QI9VX]

&-H
M86YG92!A9&IU<W1M96YT/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

#L\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=<^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XH




M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q
RPV

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L
M(#(P
30\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ+#0S.2PT-S8\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


#LF(WA!

M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S-PP.#8\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

#L\



M='1O;3XF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*



]

M




M.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M34E
63H@5&EM97

#`P
#`P

T0V(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB
M/C(P
3



T1B



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(X+#DY-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

S$L
#8W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(X
M+#DY-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

$$P


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#`P

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S




]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@



M;W5R#0H@9FEN:71E(&QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&%S(&]F($1E
M8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
30@86YD#0H@
C`Q

@9F]L;&]W

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4


T0Q
#`E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;3XF(WA!

3`@86QI
M9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^



M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14


M.B`C
#`P

M

T1B;W1T


P
#`P
#`@
7!T
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C



T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0R

#L\+W1D/@T*





M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1T;W`^


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW.30L
S`P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XH
38X+#0V
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8R-2PX,S@\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4R-2PX,C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L.#(Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/B@X-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

#L\

$$P

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#0Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XR,RPU,S@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@W
M+#$V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

#L\


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@W+#$S
M.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M='1O;3XF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XV-2PR,#(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

S

#LF
M(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
C(L-SDS/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
!S;VQI

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0C0T-%149&

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@

M:6YT86YG:6)L97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R
3@L



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8Q
RPU
#0\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0T-PV.#D\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S



M.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@




M3E0M4TE:13H@

M97(]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^

M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M

T1C96YT97(^/&(^*$EN)B-X


M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

C`Q

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XV,2PP-3D\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$W/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU,BPY,#8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


M
3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%
M1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(#(P,3D\+W`^#0H@/]T

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D
M-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


]
T1T



T1T;W`^
M06-C;W5N='

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L


#LF(WA!
M

#`P
M

T0R(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#L\

3!P=#L@


M87EA8FQE/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(Q-RPR
C8\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$U-PS-S@\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0P+#$U-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV+#4P-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,2PQ-C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!(96%L=&@@:6YS=7)A;F-E+!W;W)K97)S)B-X
C`Q
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX+#8P
CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D



1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M(WA!
#LF(WA!



M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M

3!P


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M






C
X+#@Q
SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
M

M


3
S7S@U9&5?
M-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S





]

T1)1#!%34-!0SX-B`@(`@


M1#$^

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^


@



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'

@;V8@26YC;VUE(&9R;VT@8V]N



M=&@]
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



#$T/]B/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,C@L-C@U/]T



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q
PX.#(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



3$L
S

M
#LF(WA!

M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^


M



3
V+#4W
#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R-PR
M,#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
M

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^



T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$15(M0T]
3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T1B;W1T


T1B

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



#$T/]B/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O

M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($9E9&5R86P\+W`^

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

S0L-#0W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(S
M+#8Q-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU

3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#$T
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T1T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M(WA!
#LF(WA!
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#`P


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
X+#4X.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C0Y+#@Q-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#L\+V9O

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
P+#$R
CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96TG/@T*($9E9&5R86P\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF
M(WA!

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@L
M


#LF(WA!


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D



#L\

3!P=#L@



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-C@P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

C@P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

#$\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
3$L.#DT/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B`C
#`P



M3E0M4TE:13H@


MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS-RPY

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



#L\+W1D





]



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q


M3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P

T0G1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$15(M
M0T]




M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

63H@5&EM97
@

#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q
M
SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,!A;&EG

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XT
RPW
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0S+#0W
SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X



#LF(WA!
M

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

RPQ
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH
M-2PP-SD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M4TE:13H@


1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

L.3DV/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH
M,RPX,30\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


#`P
M
$$P.SPO


M13H@





#LF(WA!

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C,W+#DR,CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

MB`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/]D:78^


@1VEV:6YG
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z




6QE

'!X.R!#3TQ/

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@




M1#8Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



#$T/]B/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

63H@




65M.R!415A4+4E.

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M3E0M4TE:13H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L.3$R

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$V+#(W-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XQ.2PR-38\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&4]


T0G

M=&]C:R!C;VUP96YS871I;VX\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XQ-2PU,38\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3XF(WA!


3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#DV-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU-S`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T1T;W`^#0H@



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV+#DV-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L-C@P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG




@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M5&EM97

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E


M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M*#(L-3



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M




T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L












T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
C@S
M+#@Y
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*













M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(F
M(WA!
#LS



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^

M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#


M87-S971S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
U+#4V-#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

C$L.3`Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@S
3DL-#4T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M4F]M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-

T1B;W1T


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R,#8L-C8P/]T


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

P
#`P
#`@
W!X



]

M5&%X($)E;F5F:71S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q

M4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'24XM5$]0

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$
M15(M0T]




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

63H@5&EM
M97

#`P

T0Q




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
M
C`Q
SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T



M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,!A

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R



M9VEN;FEN9R!B86QA;F-E/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R
M+#0Y.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Q+#
Y-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@




T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(X
SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X


T0G1D].


\+W`^

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX,SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#`P
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Q+#
V-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

M

M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%)E9'5C=&EO;G

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XH
3$L
38S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-BPS-3`\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-3$T/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-3$T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3
L
C$Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY+#4R.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

P
#`P
#`@
W!X



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q
M-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y
#EA-64O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


]


M4F]M86X[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
M



T1B;W1T


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^

T1B;W1T

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-


M:70@1F%C:6QI='D\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!4


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!



#L\+W1D


T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

;V%N
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

CDX+#4P
#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

3!P


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


#LF(WA!
M



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&

M+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(#(P
C(@3F]T97
\

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT,#`L,#`P/]T9#X-


#L\

$$P

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<!A;&EG;CTS1')I

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0P
PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L

3!P=#L@1D].


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XY-#`L-#DV/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T






M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

W
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,2PU
M-3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/BDF(WA!

M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

T1T;W`^



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
#`P(#-P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
M
#`@

]


M9'

#L\+W`^






T0C0T-%149&/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T+#
W
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M



M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$W/]P

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-PV

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(#(P
3@\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF
M(WA!

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$V
M+#`V-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M


T0G1D].

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\


M4F]M86XG(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

2PT-3DL.#8Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
M
E]A
F$Q7S



M:G


M9#TS1$E$


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


M($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!!=V%R9'




]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@



M9`T*(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!A=V%R9'
@;VX@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A



G!T

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#`P
M

T0Q

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L<W!A;CTS1#(@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&(^,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q


M9VX]

M1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XX-BPY.#@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!796EG:'1E
M9!A=F5R86=E(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97

M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
Y+#
T.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C
V+#0Q.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF
M(WA!

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
V
M+#$U-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


M9'

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX.3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XY-C


M.B`C
#`P


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^



T0G1D].






M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@




M87)E/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XR+C
Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!




T0G1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@

3!P=#L@


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(N,C,\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

BXS
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/E-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G



M=V5R92`P+C0F(WA!
#MM:6QL:6]N+`P+C4F(WA!,#MM:6QL:6]N+!A;F0-

C`Q

3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D
M95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP.6$U


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@

]


]

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
2!D=7)I;F<-B`R

#L\+W`^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N


M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M*#`L

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L





N*3PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT


@3F5W

#L\+W1D/@T*



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T

T1C96YT97(^#0H@/&(^*$EN)B-X03`[





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($]U
M='-T86YD:6YG+!A=!*86YU87)Y)B-X03`[
2P@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@T+#@T
M
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($=R86YT960\+W`^

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS.#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#$T.R8C

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M5&EM97

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L
#@X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]



7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^




@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*

Q+`R,#$T/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C0R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^

M
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C8X+#
Y-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT




W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

3!P


Q+`R,#$T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0W+CDS/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8W
M+#
T
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



M9#XF(WA!


#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO


T1B;W1T



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT+C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

S`P

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@

'!X.R!#


M.R!




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@3$545$52+5-004-)




C4U+#(U
M-2PR-34I.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H

M

M

C4U+#(U-2PR-34I.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R-34L
C4U+#(U-2D[(%1%6%0M24Y$
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L,D@
#L@0T],3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D[($9/

C4U*3L@5$58

'!X
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


151415(M4U!!0TE.

M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@



M1SH@




M.B!R9V(H



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,7!X(=4






M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M

151415(M4U!!




M)U=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L









T0X-4@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M.#$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#$P(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(#QB/EEE87(F(WA!

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3(\



T1B;W1T;VT^


3`@86QI
M9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^*$EN#0H@;6EL;&EO;G



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+C$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+C0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M3E0M4TE:13H@


M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(N-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N




]

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P
M

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'

T0G
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)O

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO

M63H@5&EM97

#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P=!S

#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M/CQB/C(P



M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
M-2XQ.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

#L\


#L\+W1D


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M17AP96-T960@9&EV:61E;F1S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


#LF(WA!
M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

XY.34\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





M3E0M4TE:13H@


M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\




T1T


M3$]2.B!R9V(H

M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




'!X.R!#3TQ/

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@




M1#0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^5V5I9VAT960\8G(@+SX-B!!=F5R
M86=E/&)R(\^#0H@1W)A;G0F(WA!

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

M;3XF(WA!

B!A


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;3XF(WA!


M


M(WA!
#LF(WA!



CXF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

@

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($]U='-T86YD:6YG+!A=!*86YU87)Y(#$L
M(#(P


#L\+W1D



#LF(WA!
M


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDS/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]

M5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^

M
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XW.2XX.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$U-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M:'0^
S4N

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV-RXS
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



65M.R!415A4

Q
M+`R,#$T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS.3(\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XQ





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B




T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M=&]C:R!5;FET($%C=&EV:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0X
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T

M1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@/&(^665A

#LS





P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^
M/&(^

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


P
#`P
#`@
7!T
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C
M96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q



T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\

3!P

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Q+CD\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S



M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R+CD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M4F]M86XG(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C0N-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


RXS

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M9B!097)F;W)M86YC92!5;FET($%C=&EV:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@
M1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M







3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA


T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0V-B4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E



M




T1C
M96YT97(^#0H@/&(^*$EN)B-X03`[=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C8R+C`S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%9E

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4T+CDP/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@

#LF
M(WA!

M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

#L\+W`^#0H@#0H@#0H@


]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^#0H@/'1A

63H@5&EM
M97

M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



#$T/]B/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!





#LF(WA!
#L\

M86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XS+C0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M




M:'0^

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+C`\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8N,CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


T0C0T-%149&

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@


M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M:'0^


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\

M7S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP.6$U90T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







M:#H@

M3U)$15(M0T]


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=VED=&@]
T0T
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L


M($)E;F5F:71S)B-X03`[*#(I/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[




M8B@P+#`L


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

63H@)U1I
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,30@86QI9VX],T1C
M96YT97(^/&(^*$EN#0H@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

V
CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@L

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX+#(V
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#LF(WA!
M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,BPW,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XH
BPU

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@







65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX+#(V
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-C$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($)A;&%N8V4@870@
M1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q

M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^*#(L




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q-PU,C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@;&]S


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-B`F(W@R


T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+V9O;G0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R
BPV.#(\+W1D/@T*

M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW+#0U
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C$P.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#L\+V9O


#LF
M(WA!

M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M='1O;3XF(WA!



M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

3`X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+51/



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@


M




T0G

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M




M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]



#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].



\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M(WA!



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-2PY,S$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-B`F(W@R
#$T.R8C

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#L\+V9O

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@U+#DS
3PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M



#L\

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M+#8S-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-2PY,S$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


#$T

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#L\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@S
BPU-C@\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2




3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.

#$T
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*











T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

2D\


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@5$58

M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^*#(I/]T

M(0H,RPV.#,I('1H;W5S86YD+`D-PU.3(@=&AO=7-A;F0L(&%N9`D*#$L

C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P


M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1T
M;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^*#
I/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y4:&4@9&5R:79A=&EV92!F:6YA;F-I


M(&YE=!O9B!T87@@;V8@)#8X('1H;W5S86YD(&%N9`D
3`Q#0H@=&AO=7-A

#$S



]

]

M3E0M4TE:13H@




M:#TS1#$P

M;&4]

M+#`L



D@,7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&(^069F96-T960F(WA!,#M,:6YE
M)B-X03`[:6X\8G(@+SX-B!4:&4F(WA!
#M#;VYS;VQI9&%T960\8G(@+SX-

M8B@P+#`L




M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q
M-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q
M
CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


CXF(WA!


I/]B/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M





#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$W-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/DEN=&5R

T0G



M=&%X97

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;3Y);F-O;64@=&%X97

M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M

M5&EM97

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E
M;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($YE=!O9B!T87@\+W`^#0H@/]T

M


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P.#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-C$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





T1B;W1T



W!X

M9VX]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO



M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0G1D].



T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C
X-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU,S4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4


M4TE:13H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#@X
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-38Q

M(WA!
#LF(WA!


@

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$58


T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]

T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M97

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M;3XF(WA!


T0G

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

S8Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/BAB*3PO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XG)R!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP('-T



65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R+#`T
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/B@T+#
R-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XQ+#8R-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+V9O;G0^



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XG)R!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP('-T



65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@U+#DS
3PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!



M9VX]


M
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE('-T





4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/E1H97-E(&%C8W5M=6QA










;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q
M-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y
#EA-64O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


\

M3$]2.B!R9V(H

M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@






@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M=&@]
T0Q

M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#,U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M/&)R(\^#0H@6F]N92!3=&%T=7,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@


@;W(@;F\I/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\






7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]



M=&4\8G(@+SX-B!/9B!#;VQL96-T:79E/&)R(\^#0H@0F%R9V%I;FEN9SQB



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M8B@P+#`L

M;64Z/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M


3(F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T



T0G



M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#L\

3!P=#L@



M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/C$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M/E)E9#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV
M

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Y
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
B\R-R\R
#$V

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@


M.B`G5&EM97



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT
M97(^1W)E96X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/DYO/]T

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS.#0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0Q,SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^-\S,\R
#$W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T




M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^3F\\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS,S8\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+S(X+S(P,34\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P


M4&QA;G






M



P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!7
M24142#H@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M960F(WA!

#MT

@*&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R/&)R


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58



]

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#


M(W@R
#$Y.W

M03`[
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N

M.B`Q


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@


T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]


M5$]-.B!R9V(H

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT






Q+`R,#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!

M.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C
M;VQS<&%N/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


B!A;&EG

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T




#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$<FEG:'0^-3(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T1T;W`^

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

C4L.#4X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




#LF(WA!
#L\

$$P



T0G1D].

M96-T:79E($1A:6QY(#$M-2!Y96%R(&-R961I=!B;VYD(&9U;F0@*&4I/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX+#(S-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Q+#
Q
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/



M3$]2.B!R9V(H




M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@



M/3-$-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$T
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M/CQB/DQE=F5L)B-X03`[*&@I/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M*#`L

@




CXF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E<CX\8CXH26X-B!T:&]U

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M

M*&
I/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!

@3F5W

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($-O;&QE8W1I=F4@1&%I;'D@
2TU('EE87(@8W)E

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


#LF(WA!

M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

2PX-#4\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#LF
M(WA!

M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/E1H:7



M(&]F('1H:7

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I







T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

T1L969T/BAB*3PO




M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M:61T:#TS1#$P
4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]

M92!O9B!T:&ES(&9U;F0@:7



M3E0M4TE:13H@




M:#TS1#$P
4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O














'!X.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]



@=&AA=!R97!L:6-A=&4@=&AE(&]V97)A;&P-B!P
M97)F;W)M86YC92!O9B!T:&4@35-#22!%;65R9VEN9R!-87)K971S($EN9&5X



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

N


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

05!313H@8V]L




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
T0P/@T*

T1L



]
T1T97AT/CQD

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)



Q+`T*(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/E!E;G-I;VX@0F5N
M969I='

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q
SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/BA);@T*('1H

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@


T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-


M;&4]

M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($)E;F5F
M:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;BP@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+W`^#0H@/]T

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU
M.2PY-#(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

BPQ

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

BPT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

C(\+W1D/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$58

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XR+#0V-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-3,\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\


M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@


M4F]M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XQ,PW

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X



M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR,3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/B@R+#
Q-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
3$Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^

M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!




M


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8W+#8P-3PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU-BPV-S(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

RPT-C
\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B


M9VX]


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\


T1T


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4

M870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT.PW-C$\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT<B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[

T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@


M



RPR-#(\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV+#0S
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

30[)B-X03`[


#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L,#8P/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX
M
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Q
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M*#$Q
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
!S;VQI

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


L(&%T('EE87(@
M96YD/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S



T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0X

3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

M

M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M86XG(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-RPY
3$\+W1D/@T*


T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/B@S+#0V
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

L
34U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


P
#`P
#`@

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`@



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@


M4F]M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]



T0G

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG

T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q-S




T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=<^)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
BPY.#(\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*



#`P


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
38L
CDS/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-RPY,3$\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`@



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L








T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@



\+W`^#0H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XQ.2PR,C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0U.3PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M9VX]


M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L
M-S@X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0C0T-%149&

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@



T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C$Q+#0V
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT,C,\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

34U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

P
M
#`P
#`@


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


T1T



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ



M:#H@

T0P('=I9'1H
M/3-$


M9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G

M86QI9VX]

M


#L\+W1D/@T*



#$S
M/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M


M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LR
#$R)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LR
#$T)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LR
#$S)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LR
#$R


3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^





#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+C(U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M(WA!




@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ


#L\

RXP
4F(WA!,#LM)B-X03`[-XP

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


RXP
4F(WA!
M,#LM)B-X03`[-XP

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C0N

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M(WA!



#L\+W1D


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@


M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M(WA!






T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$15(M0T]

M


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P=!S


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q
SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/BA);@T*



M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(#QB/D%C
M8W5M=6QA=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CPO8CX\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU-PV


T1T


M($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
@87)E(&%S#0H@9F]L

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&


T0Y
M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L<W!A;CTS1#8@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&(^,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M
T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q


T1B

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]

#LV-3PO8CX\



'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M


1494.B`S96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M





M

M





M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O




#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT+C(U/]T

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+C(U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]



T0G1D].

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
M


#LF(WA!



#L\+W1D/@T*


@

M#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q-P@,C`Q,RP@86YD(#(P,3(Z/]P

M.B`Q


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!A;&EG


B4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$
3`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q
CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q

M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@


#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#$P-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M
BPT

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L
C@Y/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


#LF(WA!
M



#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S.#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XH,BPS,C$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]



M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T



M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#LF(WA!



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

M

M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO

M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



@

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L
#DV/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L-3
R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



#L\+W1D




#L\




M

#L\+W`^#0H@



M(WA!

#L\+W`^



M;3XF(WA!

#L\





]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D($%M;W5N=!4:&%T(%=I;&P@8F4@06UO



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q





M86X[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L


$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[($9/3E0M




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





C`W

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@





M




'!X.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


M5$]-.B!R9V(H

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$


M

T1T;W`^


#$U/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M/C
L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-3$\+W1D

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$V/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XQ-3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&4]

T1T


#$W/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C
L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-30\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$X/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M


#$Y/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C
L-#`T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#(P+3(T/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@




'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^#0H@/&(^


M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M4TE:13H@


1494
M.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I
M;VXL(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M#0H@4V5R=FEC92!C;W-T('!L=7
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$<FEG:'0^,3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1T


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
S4S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T1T;W`^


M;W(@=&AE('EE87(\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S


]
M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#`P
M

T0V(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/E!E;G-I;VX@0F5N969I='
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\




M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q-#PO

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(#QB/E=E
M:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M4TE:13H@


M='1O;3XF(WA!

M-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

#L\+W1D

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M04-%.B!N;W=R87`G/C
N



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)28C











#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



T0P/@T*

M-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

#L\+W1D/@T*


3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB
M/C(P
3

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P=!S;VQI


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

M86QI9VX]


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#0R
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C4L


#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
2PS.3
\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



#`P
M

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%1O=&%L(&]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XR+#0R
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


P
#`P
#`@

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q
M-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y
#EA-64O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@

]


M3E0M4TE:13H@









M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M($5N9&5D#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M


M;&4]


#L\+W1D


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;3XF(WA!

M13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT-2PY.3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS
M,RPS,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G

T1T;W`^#0H@





#LF(WA!
M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$<FEG:'0^,BPP,#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT,S$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W










M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]

96%S97


3!P=#L@


@
M87


3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

3$%04T4Z

T0P('=I


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P=!S

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!








1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-PQ.#8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


97-S(&%C8W5M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/B@T+#8Y
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
#`P(#%P
!S


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\

3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%1O=&%L/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


#D\+W1D/@T*



T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




\+W1D

M.B!R9V(H

M05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@


M
S$L(#(P
30L('5N9&5R#0H@;F]N+6-A;F-E;&%B;&4@8V%P:71A;!L96%S
M97,L(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97,L(&%N9!P=7)C:&%S90T*(&]B;&EG871I





3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


#L\+W`^



M;W)D97(]

M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\



#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L


M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



#LF(WA!
M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$U/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(T

T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\

M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L
3`U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
2PU
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$W/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L.3`S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
RPR
C
\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

RPY

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`R,#$Y/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T


T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#DX
#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G





65M.R!415A4+4E.


T0G1D].

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP


3(V
M+#8Q-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M








65M.R!415A4+4E.

M97-T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-3`X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?
M-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S










]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M(%-H965T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*

M

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M


M;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE(&ED96YT:69I97







3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA


T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$

@

#L\+W1D

M5$]-.B!R9V(H




T1B;W1T;VT^


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^

M8B@P+#`L



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N


M;&4]

T1T


#L\

#$T

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M





M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.


\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M
#LF(WA!

M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4
M:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XG)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP('-T



65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L
#0T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@







T1T;W`^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X-B`F(W@R

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O

T1T;W`^1V%I;G




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I







T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T
M
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L


M($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@






M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(WA!

M


M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

3!P

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@S+#`U
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.


I(&=A:6X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,RPP-3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T



3!P

M5#H@


I.CPO8CX\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A


T1B




M8W1S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


M



W-#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^*28C


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-





T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

W-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]

M



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*




'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!4;W1A;`H;&]S

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH
M,RPP-3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


#L\+W1D/@T*


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!#

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3AP=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
M
E]A
F$Q7S






]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^

]





M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@







3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA


T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M.S
Q+`R,#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M



Q+`R,#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^1F%I

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M8G(@+SX-B`\8CY686QU93PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M
T1C96YT97(^/&(^3&5V96P\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@

T1C96YT97(^#0H@/&(^*$EN)B-X03`[=&AO

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXF(WA!





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($YO

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@U-30L
M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(\+W1D

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M

M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@



M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@U,S4L,#`P/]T

M




M


T0G1D].





M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
S$U+#`W
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T

C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R
#(L-S$V/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X-

#$T

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M

M

M3$5&5#H@

C`R


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T
#8L
#`P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M

M3$5&5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XH-#`P+#`P
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*




T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XH,RPP-#0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
RPP-#0\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX/]T9#X-



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XY+#$T.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@L-C@P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX+#8X
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M(WA!


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?
M83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M86)L97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#



M13H@

M=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

M(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M($5N9&5D#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q-#PO

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
C`Q
CPO8CX\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T




M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L

Y
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M
2PV-#(L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#4V.PP,30\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XS.#`L
#8Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!


S
X+#
U
M-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M17AP;W)T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

SDR+#8T
M
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR.3`L.#8Y/]T9#X-



!S;VQI9<^
M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
M<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XR+#DT-BPQ



M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L
3@R+#$R-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


P
#`P
#`@

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`@







M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO


M;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(U.PV.3D\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


M;&4]

M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^




#LF(WA!




M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

L.3$S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M
#`P
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M

3!P


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
S
L
S$R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].



M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Y+#$U.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-2PR.#0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT@


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
3`L.34P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M9VX]




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M+#$V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$W-BPX


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($]T:&5R(&5X


#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@X
2PU.#0\+W1D/@T*


T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

M;2!N;W=R87`]


#L\+W1D


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
#`P(#%P
!S

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S-BPU-S`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

3(T+#DQ
M
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L

3!P=#L@1D].


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D




T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
M
PR,C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

S4L.38R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M4F]M86XG(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY+#
R
M-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8L
C8V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@

M(&]F9FEC92`H
BD\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@L

M
#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

3
L
3`W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\

3!P
M=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%1O=&%L/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

L
C@Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV-PV-CD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)


T0Q
#`E(&)O




T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$15(M0T]

M
T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

T1L969T/B@R*3PO=&0^#0H@


C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q



@4F5G
M:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QP

'!X

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:#H@



3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L


M(WA!

3!P=#L@





M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M(WA!
#LF(WA!


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P\+V(^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R



#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF
M(WA!

T0R
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0Y
PX-3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0Q-BPQ-S`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
BPY
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

3`U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
<^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

3!P

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XU-#


#LF(WA!




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M(WA!



]



@8GD@36%J;W(@4')O9'5C='
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@

M
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-34E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T0G1D].

M9VX]

T0G


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^
M/&(^
C`Q


T1B;W1T;VT^


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

@3F5W(%)O

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS-#$L-30W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
S0L-#
P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS

M
#LF(WA!



M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M




#L\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
V
2PR.3`\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

S8R+#(S.#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

S4Q+#DQ-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C(X
2PX

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX-B!0:6-K;&5S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR


#LF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R

C@Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!

T1B

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT
M<B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM
M97



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

C0U+#$W
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



3!P=#L@

M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$V.PW,SD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-C(L.34R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
SDL
C@U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

3(V+#@P-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
#(L-C
U/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO




T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU-RPS
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


M9V(H





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H






'!X)SX-B`F(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@#0H@#0H@/]D:78^


M-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$


M($]P97)A=&EO;G



]


]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M


M9@T*(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@9F]R(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

#L\

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M
#`P

T0R

T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D9O=7)T



T1B


M
30@86QI9VX]

M;3XF(WA!

M13H@


M8CY&:7-C86P@
C`Q-#PO8CX\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($YE

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV


#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW.34L-S(V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY
#
L-3$S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

34X+#4X.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(P+#`T
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS,RPW-#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Q+#DY
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3DL.#@R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@


T0C

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

@
M*#$I/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF
M(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/BXS.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M(WA!



M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/BXW.#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[


T0G

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!






#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

R
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

M86QI9VX]


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
#DL-38X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.

\+W`^#0H@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS,RPS-30\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(Y+#
W
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS-PS

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3@L-38U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M4TE:13H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/BXV
SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XN-3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/BXV
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


2D\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XN-C(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/BXV
3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XN-C$\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'24XM5$]0

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$
M15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

T1L969T/B@Q*3PO
2!N;W0@


M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^*#(I/]T


M13H@

4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/E1H92!#;VUP86YY






T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^*#0I/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X
M-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@

]



PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,'!T(=4:6UE




PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,'!T(=4:6UE






M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M



T0T-24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L




M97

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D5L


M='1O;3XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO


M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ.PW,#8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3XF(WA!


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M='1O;3XF(WA!



T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+W1D




@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T





M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-






T1N;W=R


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!



#L\



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Y-PP.3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX+#
V
M
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ.2PQ.38\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\


$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
R+#@T
M.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
BPX
3(\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8X
2PU
S8\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

C
T+#4U-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY-#DL-#
V/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

3!P

M97%U:7!M96YT+!N970\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR.PT,3$\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XY.2PR-C
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU-#


#LF(WA!
M

3!P



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-#8T+#DY.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!

T1B







3!P=#L@1D].

65M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#(V.2PS
C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T+#
R-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

30[
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!


M/BDF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


2PX

T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@V.PW-S`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\

M86QI9VX]

M)B-X
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]






T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($EN=&%N9VEB

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X



#LF(WA!



30[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M5&]T86P@87-S971S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L
C8V+#
T-SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

BPX
C@L-#$X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV-3`L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
BPX-#(L-#@W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M:'0^
RPY
#
L
#`T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52




T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





T1B;W1T



W!X

M9VX]


M



T0G0D]21$52+51/




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^


T1T


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M

T1T;W`^


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0X+#`P,CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#4Y-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!

30[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
<^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX-B!4;W1A;!C=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R-BPV

T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
Q
2PR
S
\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#`R-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-#0U+#0X.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

C@Y+#(U-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XT,BPT,30\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

S$Y+#0U-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M5&EM97

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDL
#@X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-BPV
C(\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

BPR-CDL
S(U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^*28C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%1O=&%L

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR
M+#@R.PT
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8U
PW,C8\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P

T1B;W1T

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#DP
RPP
#0\

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2


M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT^





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[

T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3






M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M03`[
S$L(#(P
3


M1D].5#H@



3$%04T4Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C
M96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M8G(@+SX-B!#;VUP86YY/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!

B!A

PP+#`I(#%P=!S;VQI

M


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N

@3F5W(%)O

M5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M4TE:13H@


M='
Z/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT,SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT-BPT

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX+#8X
#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@



M9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR-3@\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

3$V+#0V-#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS-BPP-#$\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY
PW.#8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M(W@R

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;3XF(WA!



65M.R!415A4


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ.PU,S0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR,2PY,#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
BPU.3
\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#LF(WA!
M

M9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
<^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C4Q+#0Q-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT-C(L-30V/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$V
BPX
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

M;W=R87`]

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




M=P@86YD(&5Q=6EP;65N=P@;F5T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

3
L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

$$P

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO




M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG
M/@T*($=O;V1W:6QL/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY-3DL-#0P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG



T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ+#$Q.2PR,#0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






T1B;W1T;VT^


U
3PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($EN


MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M/BDF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X-
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R
M/@T*(#QT<B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B`G5&EM97




M



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT<B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W

M.B`G5&EM97

M;F5T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

34T
M+#`W
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X



#LF
M(WA!

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M5&]T86P@87-S971S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L
C4P+#0R
SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

BPT
38L.34Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
C(L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
BPR-CDL



M:'0^
BPW
C$L
#4T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52




T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





M





T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




T0G0D]2



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\





T1B;W1T;VT@

C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

2PT.3@\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#4U
3PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L













T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(P-BPT
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

S0L.#DV/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!


M(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M




M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T




@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C(P-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR,3,L,C$Y/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(X+#8X.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR

#LF
M(WA!

M


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(S+#
X
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XW,#,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#(W
RPQ
3@\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

2PY-S`L
S4Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M*#(L
C(X+#8U-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+#0Q-BPY-3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M/C,R,BPY-3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R+#(V.2PR-S@\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52



#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U3


T1T;W`^0V]N9&5N








PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,'!T(=4:6UE






'!X)R!A;&EG

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52

T0Q
#`E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T

63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M8B@P+#`L

M:6%R:65S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^
M/&(^16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M

#$T

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

BPU



#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV-#DL.3DW/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

@3F5W

T1B;W1T

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L
#$W
M+#8T.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU-C,L-C(U/]T




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+#,S.2PT.3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/






65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E




M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
C`L
C
R/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8P-BPV
#0\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!396QL:6YG+!G96YE


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
3$L-S@X

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C
S

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XV+#4R
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS,BPV,#4\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

M

M3$5&5#H@


T1B






M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M


T1B;W1T





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

@3F5W

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
2PS
38\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@X+#DW
SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




3!P=#L@

M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Y+#`P
M
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M.PY-S,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
BPP
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T






M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@

M96YS92P@;F5T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

3$L-S`Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!


M



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*




M9VX]


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%
M1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(A,;W-S*2!I;F-O;64@
M9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G,L(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X
M97,\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
3
X+#4P.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#@T-#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

T1B;W1T


M86QI9VX]


@*&)E;F5F
M:70I/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


T1B


M
#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

I(&]F('-U8G-I9&EA


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$W-BPV

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]



M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX.2PX.#`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Y-C,\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M











Q+`R,#$S/]B






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@

M


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@5$58

M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M1#`^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

M3TY4+49!34E

M(')G8B@P+#`L




T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]B/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

BPP
3$L.30T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XS-SDL
30S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

38P


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

BPR.3
L.3(W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C
R
BPQ
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^*#DW+#$V
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



M86QI9VX]

M#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^-#$X+#4T
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU-RPP,#D\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

38V+#@T.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS
M-BPR-C,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M

M3$5&5#H@

M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

C
L
S(P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A




$$P


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M;3XF(WA!



M;&4]



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*




'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(R-PV,S`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T







M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT.PS-3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T+#8T
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT.2PS
#0\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

30[)B-X03`[


#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R+#$W
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R+#$X-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T1T;W`^


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

C4L.30Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M

M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M


T0G0D]21$52+51/



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XR-3@L


#LF(WA!


M


M:'0^#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

3(T+#DQ
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
M-#(L-#


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

30[)B-X03`[)B-X


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($5Q=6ET

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-3$L
S`Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M


T1B;W1T

C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].



T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-3$L,S`Q/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


C@\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX-BPY.#@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B




#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52



M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H












'!X)R!A;&EG;CTS

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4


M#0H@)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/

T0Q
#`E(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M+#`L

M:65S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]




7!T('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^
M16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

#$T.R8C

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

2PY
S8L
30Y

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR.34L
C8W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-#DL
CDQ/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



BPQ
M.#(L


#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X





M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(S-2PX-C0\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^





T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU.2PT,#,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

30[)B-X


#LF(WA!





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XT-BPR

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-C@L
#4P

M(WA!
#LF(WA!




T1B

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]



T0G

T1T;W`^#0H@



M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#LF(WA!




M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

30[
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



3!P

M5#H@



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#4V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L-#
Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!




T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L-S@U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M


M


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O

M5&EM97

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-3`L-34T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M(WA!

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(P
M
PX,C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR-BPU-38\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


@3F5W



S0\


M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-C0S


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T+#0S-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/B@V-#

M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

2PQ
S

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XU

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M9V(H


M9V(H


#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XR
3
L


#LF(WA!

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



M;&4]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX-B!);F-O;64@=&%X97,@*&)E;F5F:70I/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M='1O;3XF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]




@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG


$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@

C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
38P+#`R.3PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L





I/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C$U



T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@X+#
V
SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
W!X


#L\+W1D


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!




]
M

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@

M


M.B!R9V(H



Q





T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2

M.R!&3TY4.B`Q

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL

T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E





M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1C96YT97(^/&(^16QI;6EN871I;VYS
M/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!.970@
M:6YC;VUE/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

M='


T1N;W=R


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T1B;W1T;VT@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
M-2PY

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M(WA!



#L\+W1D


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-2PY,S$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L




@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG



M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X





M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R



T1B;W1T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


M/BDF(WA!

M13H@


M86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*




M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

30P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!








T0G1D].



M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU
M-RPS,3(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

30T+#`U.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
3(P+#4R-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)





#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/





T0G



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





T1B;W1T



W!X

M9VX]


M













M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].
M5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B




T0T-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;'-P86X]


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB


M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M;'-P86X]



#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX-BPY.#@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


T1T



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Y

#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

#L\

M86QI9VX]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
C(L-C@R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

M;VX@861J=7-T;65N=P@;F5T(&]F#0H@=&%X/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A




M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]


M;&4]



M



#L\+W1D/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,#@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




3!P

M5#H@



M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
BPS



T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M
#LF(WA!



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XH
3(L.3`R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A


#L\+V9O;G0^

M(WA!



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR.PQ
S

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XQ
S8L


#LF(WA!

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R.2PU-S4\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW
2PX-C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!



M9VX]


M
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2

'!T


M9V(H









T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

M3TY4.B`Q


M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S


T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)O

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L



M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^16QI
M;6EN871I;VYS/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XX.PS-C
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$U
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@L.30P/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
38P+#`R.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

@


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T1B;W1T;VT@

C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#LF(WA!
M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
BPW
#`\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,BPW,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-C$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]

M#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

38Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L





#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-C$\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XY-C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@

C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X


#L\+W1D



T0G1D].

M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X-

T1B;W1T




T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*




'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY-PP.#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

34V+#8U
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,RPU-#$\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

PQ.3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\<!S='EL93TS


'!X)SX-




\+W1D/@T*

M9V(H





'!X

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@




M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M


4@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B;W1T;VT^


M*#`L

M87)I97

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M:6%R:65S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
M-#DL


#LF(WA!



#L\


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

@


T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q-BPR
#$\


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@U-RPP-3

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q-2PS

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO




M='1O;3XF(WA!

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XH.2PP

T1B;W1T;VT^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R+#4Q-CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^*28C

#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
2PP-34L-3
W/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M

T1B;W1T;VT^




$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].



M;G

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
M



M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH.3DS+#`P.3PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




T0G1D].


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#$T

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M






3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.

@9G)O;2!S86QE(&]F(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]

M#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M
#LF(WA!



T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#@T
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!







M9VX]


M=FED960@8GD@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q+#`X
PW-3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M/BDF(WA!


M9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M(WA!

M



T0G1D].

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q+#8Y
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

30[
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



#LF(WA!

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
SDL
C4R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT







M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


M

T1B;W1T;VT^




T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

S4X
M+#
V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M(&%W87)D(&%C=&EV:71I97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF
M(WA!

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(W
M+#@Q
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M(W@R

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR-RPX,S(\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M86QI9VX]


@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/B@Q-#0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XQ-RPU.3,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY

#@U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ

M
#LF(WA!


M9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M;3XF(WA!



M;&4]



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*




'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M86QI9VX]

M#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B





M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XH,2PW,S0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-PU
M-C(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/BDF(WA!

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU+#4P-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M97

L(&)E9VEN;FEN

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
RPR-C@\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C(S+#$V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+V9O;G0^

M(WA!



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT-BPT-S4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/






65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ.PW

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


#LF(WA!



T0G

M9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M





M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@
M1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M


M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@






3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/


M86YY/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M86X]

T1B

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/



M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
C0L-C4T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!#
M87-H(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97,Z/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M97

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-#@\



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@W+#@U-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#$T.R8C

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X



#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/B@Q
CDL
S@R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO


#L\


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@X+#$T
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



65M.R!4

@9G)O;2!S86QE(&]F(&EN
M=F5S=&UE;G1S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<#XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$V-3PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

30[)B-X03`[)B-X


#LF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
<^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-PY-S$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M








#L\+W1D


M(W@R

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/B@S
#8L.#4P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@

M9FQO=W

M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*


M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

@3F5W

M.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#`P/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M



M:'0^#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT
PP-34\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




M;&4]


M)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C(V+#$Q-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#L\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@R-BPQ
38\


M

M86QI9VX]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R


M

M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!




65M.R!415A4


M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]

M86QI9VX]

M#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#(Y
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S




T0G1D].

M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X-

T1B;W1T

C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#
W
M
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$











T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B;W1T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M(WA!



M



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP




'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



M:'0^#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M



L-#DP


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,RPT.3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XR

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH


M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@W
PY-S0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T





T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T-RPY
S(\+W1D


3!P=#L@1D].

65M



M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR-CD\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XY-PQ

M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X



#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2


L(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

C
L
C8X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR,RPQ-C0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

30[
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


#L\+W1D


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L



M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,C1P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@



T0T-B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0R

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@



M4TE:13H@


M9'

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^


M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M;VYS;VQI9&%T960\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



T0G


M:71I97



SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$X,BPV.#0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



C`T+#4U.3PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

@9G)O;2!I


M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

3!P=#L@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Y
M+#8S.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

#L\


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#(W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M9VX]

M)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

C0S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1B;W1T;VT^



M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!



#L\+W1D

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#$T

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XQ,3,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M



M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


M




M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

$$P


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!#87-H
M(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97,Z/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M97


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^


SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M


M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XW-PV
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

M9VX]

M)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XH

M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

30[
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#LF
M(WA!



M


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T





T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@W-BPU-S@\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*




M9VX]


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M;&4]


T0G



\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#@Y-CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[




#L\

$$P

M9VX]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDP
M+#@V-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X



#LF
M(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C
L


#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M9V(H


M9V(H


#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

C8Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY-PQ,S@\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]

M#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDT
M+#0P-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M(WA!



3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L
D[($9/3E0Z(#%P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@


U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
M
6%B-F$Y



04


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]






]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3DN




]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]





M



M


M-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





]



:6YE













]

M+!0;&%N=!A;F0@17%U:7!M96YT(%M





]


]



]

:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XT


T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!\($UA8VAI













;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B
M-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W



M;'-P86X]


M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


]






]





T1T
M;W`^3F]N+6-O;7!E=&4@86=R965M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


M07-S971S(%M



M=&5R;7









T1T;W`^57-E


]


]


]




M9VX]






]

:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y3=')A:6=H=UL:6YE(&UE=&AO9!O=F5R(#(@


]

]



]








]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^57-E9G5L($QI9F4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]








T1T;W`^57-E9G5L


]





T1T;W`^57-E9G5L($QI9F4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]










]


]
T1R:#X-



M(%M


]
M

]



3=B9#8Q
M
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5)2$%%

M/3-$





]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]




]

]
M


]
T1R

]



]













T1T;W`^4&QA;G0@




3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y
M835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U
M9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C







SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]







]
T1N





]








]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


34L







]

]






]

]


]



]

]


]


]














]



















]



]

]





]







]
T1N=6UP/C(L




]





]
T1R



M;75L871I=F4@8V]S='


]


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@97AP96-T960@8V]S='
\

]



T1T;W`^4V%L860@





]










]


]


]


]


]

]


]





]






]
M


]







]








]








T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N



]

]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


3X\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@



M86X]






@

M

3X\

3XP($UO

M







M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

S$L(#(P
M
3

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#


S$L(#(P
3


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

2P@

M1G)O;2!(;VUE/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

2P@
M


#$S/&)R

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^26YD=7-T

M=&@^2G5L+B`R.2P@

]

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


CDL(#(P
30\8G(^1FQA
M9W-T;VYE/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`R.2P@



]


#$T/&)R/D9L86=S




M
CDL(#(P
30\8G(^1FQA9W-T;VYE/&)R/E-O9G1W87)E/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

CDL(#(P
30\8G(^1FQA9W-T
M;VYE/&)R/E-O9G1W87)E/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`R.2P@






]
T1T:#Y-87D@
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^
2`S,P@


\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#
P


M97
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#

M


#@L(#(P
3
\8G(^07-S;V-I871E







#@L(#(P
3

\8G(^0W5S







]



M960@0G)A;F1S/&)R/D]T:&5R(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S/&)R/CPO=&@^

#@L(#(P
30\8G(^07-S


\8G(^

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N





]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]


M-3(L












#`L

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
30P+#$P












3@P+#4P

]
T1R93X-


























































M
3DW+#4P



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C0L.34P+#
S


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q-BPT
#`L



M




























































































]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
M


]

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0Y+#4Q-BPP
#`\


M
S
L

M1&YU;7`^
2PT.#
L



#`\

M+#
S
BPP










2PP
#`\




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/C$U('EE87)S/'-P86X^





















\



M

]
M

]
M




#`\

M+#`W
RPQ.3$L


2PT




M



]
T1N=6UP/CDT+#
Y
RPP


S0L
#@V+#`P
#QS



3
S+#4X
BPP

#4L-34X+#`P


]
M
T1N=6UP/C4P+#DP


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P
M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




























































]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

M-C0S+#`P

]
M

]
M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]

@-R!M;VYT:'
@-B!D























;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D
M-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y



M='`M97%U:78]

]


M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^

]











]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
2PP-S
L



]


]


]



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]









]
M

]
M











]


]







]
T1T










]


]


]


]


]



3


]









]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(S
2PW




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D9L86=S=&]N92!\(%1R861E(&YA;65S/]T9#X-B`@









@06-Q


]


]


]















@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@6TQI;F4@271E


]

]
T1T

]
T1T






















]


T1T;W`^1FQA9W-T;VYE('P@1F]R;75L87
O






#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^




]


]

]


]


]


]


]

\













]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L














]
M

]
M


]


]


]


]



]
M

]
M


]














:6YE



]


















]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^26YT



]

]
T1R











]


]


]











]


]


]


]


]










]









]



]






M;7`^
C(W+#$S

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='

\+W1D

]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$Y+#DR

]
T1R;SX-



]


]


]


]


]







]














]


]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T

]


]


]


]


]










@









]

]


]


]



]
T1R:#X-


M(%M

]



]



















3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A
M.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S
M7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3











]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M









]



:6YE($ET96US73PO



]




]


]

]
T1T

M86QI9VX]




]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@-SDL


@96%R;FEN9W





M




M87)T7S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP.6$U90T*0V]N





]

M


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


]
T1T97AT

]

]
M







M/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

]



M(%M







]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@:6YV97-T;65N='


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S,U\X-61E7S1B-3)?
M83)A,5\S,6%B-F$Y,#EA-64-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?

M:&5E='
O4VAE970V-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN9F]R;6%T

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]





M



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C0P
M+#`P

]
T1T

]


C`P+#`P


]



T1T;W`^0V%N861A/]T9#X-B`@






]
M

]
M


M9VX]

2PV
#`L

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A

O4VAE970V-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@*$1E=&%I



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



]


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

T1T;W`^1FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'
\+W1D





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@:6YV96YT;W)I97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]








]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@







M;7`^


]





]



]


M-RPS
#`L



M4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


:6YE($ET96US


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M











S











]
T1N=6UP/C@P
M


]

]
T1N=6T^*#


T1T;W`^4')O


]



3=B
M9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q




^+RH@1&\@


$59






^

M
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R









M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y

O4VAE970W
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


M9'






]
T1T


M





]
T1N=6UP/C4T+#0Y

]


]






]





]





M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES:71I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]



]

3(L
M

M86QI9VX]


]


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]





]


T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG($)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/CDT+#
Y


]


T1T;W`^



]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5A;&QO8V%T:6]N(&]F(&=O;V1W:6QL/]T

]



]
&-H86YG92!A9&IU<W1M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#$X-D\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@







]
T1T97AT

]


]


]

]


]
T1T




T1T;W`^4F5A;&QO8V%T:6]N(&]F
M(&=O;V1W:6QL/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#4U




]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B
M-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P@:6UP86ER;65N=!L





S
S+#
P




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#4T-BPP
#`\


]

#`P/'-P







]







]
T1T





M06YD($]T:&5R($EN=&%N9VEB;&5S(%M





M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]











]

B!D87ES/'-P










]


T1T;W`^1FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@



@.2!M;VYT:'
@


]



]


]


]


]

M:6)L97


]






]
T1T

]
T1T

]

@

]


]







]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!O9B!I;F1E9FEN:71E(&QI9F4@:6YT86YG:6)L92!A


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
#QS


3=B9#8Q
M
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5#2D%#

M/3-$


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3


]



T1T;W`^26YD969I






]



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
M
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y




M97%U:78]


]





@*$1E




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]






RPU
#0\



]
T1N=6UP/C8X-RPS
#
\



M+4QI=F5D($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S(%M





]




3
S+#`V




C4L.#





]


M92U

]




@0V%R


]



]
T1N=6UP/C0S
SQS



]





]


]




RPU



M97

]


]









T1T;W`^3F5T




]



]












RPX-CD\




]
T1T



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]

]
T1P



]

]
M

]
T1P

M1&YU;7`^-3@L
C


#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

BPY

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P


3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T
M8C4R7V$R83%?

O4VAE970W-BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M='




]

:6%B


]

]
M






M;7`^




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#`S


]


CQS



]

]
T1N=6UP/C8L
S4X

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
CDV
M+#@V

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?
M-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S









M;F5N='




M86X]

CY$
M96
N(#

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#$T/&)R

C`Q

CY*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q-#QB

#$S

]
T1R





]
T1R;SX-

















]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#
S-SQS

M/BA







#QS



T+#
P



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
V+#4W
#QS

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

T0Q.#X\+W1D

T1T;W`^6S%=/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@


#$S
M+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&

2!O9B`R,#$T(&%N9!#

3
N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
M
6%B-F$Y

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

]





M(#


RPV






]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L
S8U/'-P

]

M



S`L








]
T1N=6T^*#@L
C




RPT
M

M;3XH

]


M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#(X


]






]
M

3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R
M7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP.6$U92]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$4S3$%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$

M96YS92!#;VUP=71E9!A=!5+E



M
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@


#$S/&)R

]
T1R93X-

]
M

]
M

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#

]
M



]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]


]
T1N=6T^*#4L


]


]
T1N
M=6T^*#


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS93PO=&0^#0H@


W+#DR


M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
M

O4VAE970X

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4






]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3



]



]


]




]

M1&YU;7`^






]




]
T1N=6UP/C

]

M;7`^-S$L



]
T1T97AT


T1T


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-3
L


]

]






]


3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
M
F$Q7S






]






]

@86YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S(%M




M:71I97

]


C@S+#@Y

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R
M83%?

O4VAE970X
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

]



3(@;6]N=&AS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]



]



M







@

]
T1T


M




]

L(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6YT




]
!B96YE9FET<RP@86-C<G5E9!P87EM96YT(&]F(&EN
M=&5R97-T(&%N9!P96YA;'1I97


]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Q


M;F-O;64@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M96%R;FEN9W




]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]








]

]


]


]








;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y
#EA



]




SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]



]

M86QI9VX]



]
T1R;SX-




]
T1R93X-


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#


]


]


3$L


]


]

]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U










]


M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

:6YE($ET


]







30L


]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^5&]T86P@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]



]
T1R







]
T1N=6UP/C0P

]
T1R:#X-



]



T1T;W`^4V5N:6]R(&YO


#`L
#`P/'-P






























S4L
#`P/'-P



]



T1T;W`^/'-T





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

CDX+#4P


]
T1N=6UP/C
P

]
M





]


]


]


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
M
6%B-F$Y

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O




@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO


T1T;W`^

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30L







]



]

38L


#$Y/]T9#X-B`@



L-C

]


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q






]




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

CXP($UO;G1H




]



]


]

]
T1P




]





#`L







]


]


]


\+W1D/@T*

#`L

S`P+#`P


]






]
T1N=6UP/C(L-#`P+#`P



T1T;W`^4')I;W(@



]



T1T;W`^4F5V;VQV


M1&YU;7`^-S4P+#`P


]










]



T1T;W`^5&5R
M;2!






M(.*`G$%M96YD;65N=.*`G2D@=&\@:71S($-R961I=!!9W)E96UE;G0@9&%T
M960@87,@;V8@36%YPJ`V+`R


]



]


]


]






M+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E+U=O

O4VAE970X-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




T0Q/C`@36]N




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



]




]
T1R


]
T1R93X-







]



T1T;W`^3&]N9&]N($EN






]
T1T


M

M97






]




]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]





]
T1N=6UP/C(N

]
M









]


]

]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C`N






]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71Y+!B



3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V


]
M





3XP($UO

M

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
#8L(#(P
































]


]



T1T;W`^3&]N9&]N


]






]

]
T1N=6UP









]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&5R;2!L;V%N+!B





]

]


]



]


















]


]


]




]









]


3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D
M95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP.6$U


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R


M*2`H06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@5&5R;2!
;V%N+!54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A

T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS




]


M(#$Y-RPU










P-@D)






]


]



]







M1&YU;7`^





]










]
T1T97AT

]





*`F7
@




]


T1T;W`^4F5V;VQV:6YG(&-R

]
T1N=6UP/C`N




]



T1T;W`^4F5V

]
T1N=6UP/C$N
#`E



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]








]

]
T1P

]
T1N
M=6UP/B`R
#`L

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].
M97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y
#EA-64-



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



T0R/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

R!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@


#$T/&)R/CPO


T1T;W`^
C`R
B!.;W1E







]


]


]

]
M

]
M

]






]





]
T1N=6UP







]
T1T97AT/E-E



]



L('!L=7


#$N

L(&5A


#$E(&]F('1H92!P


]








]
T1T97AT/BTM
#
M
M




M=&]P/C(P
C(@3F]T97
@?!087EM96YT($1A=&4@5'=O/]T9#X-B`@(`@





]

M(%M






]

]


]





]




]



]

M96YT+!2961E;7!T:6]N+!097)I;V0@3VYE(%M-96UB97)=('P@
C`R
B!.







]


]



]




]


]


C`R



M







]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

L('!L=7
















]


]
T1T97AT/DEN(&%D9&ET

C(@3F]T97



]

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C


]



]



]


]


C`R

]



3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q
M7S






]








M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@



]


]


]



@:7-S=65D(&)Y(%5R8F%N(%)E9&5V96QO

]



T1T;W`^36%T=7)I='D@1&%T93PO=&0^#0H@






]


]

M=7-E(&]F(&9U;F1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y/

C`P







MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B
M-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y


T0G


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

M9F]R;6%T:6]N(T@0V%P:71A;!
96%S92!A;F0@3W1H97(@3V)L:6=A=&EO
M;G


2P@
M

]


M9VX]


]
M


]


3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D
M95\T8C4R7V$R83%?

O4VAE970Y
RYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]

]
M
T1N=6UP/CDP+#`P

#`L







]
T1N=6UP/C0R+#8V
RPP

L
#`P/'-P86X^



]


]
T1R93X-










]



@17%U:71Y($YO


]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@














3
S7S@U
M9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S







]




M;&%T:6YG($1I;'5T960@16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(A$971A:6PI(A5




CY*=6XN(#


S$L(#(P
M

M1#(^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

CY397`N(#
P+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

T0R/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
3
\

M36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

CY$96
N(#

T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]


]




ET\


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#DL.#@P


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

V







M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
















]








M1&YU;7`^-#`L
C



3$X/'-P86X^



]
T1F;CX\


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]



















X/'-P86X^






]









]

M/3-$

M=&]N92!I;B!*=6QY(&]F(#(P
30@86YD($-A:6YS(&EN($IU;'D@;V8@
C`Q
M

T1T;W`^6S-=/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
B!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5&AE($-O


M=&4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^6S1=/]T9#X-B`@(`@


@96YD
M960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30L(#(P
3
L(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T



M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S,U\X-61E7S1B-3)?
M83)A,5\S,6%B-F$Y,#EA-64-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Y-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

^#0H@(`@(`\='(^





^

S$L(#(P
M
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D
M-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y



M='`M97%U:78]

]



M
T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@


M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@



M

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38N


]


]

M8V]S=!O9B!S:&%R92UB87-E9!A=V%R9'


]

]


T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@=&5R;3PO=&0^#0H@


]


]



]






M=&EO;G

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]



]
T1T

]
T1T


M






P
M


]


]

]


]



]

]


]


]


]



]


]




]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C


]

]
M





]







]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U






]


]



T1T;W`^0V]N

@=F5S=&EN9SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4@56YI=',@?!%
M86-H(&]F('1H92!T:')E92!P97)F;W)M86YC92!P97)I;V1S('P@36EN:6UU












]



T1T;W`^4&5R
M9F]R;6%N8V4@56YI='








:6YE($ET








M87)D(%M




]


]



]

]


]


]


]



]


]





]



T1T;W`^4&5R9F]R
M;6%N8V4@56YI='
@?!996%R($]N93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S








:6YE







]



]
T1R















]


]


]


]



]


]




]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C
\







]


]


]











S
N
S
E/'-P86X^







M(%M











]
T1R

M9R!P97)C96YT86=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M
RXS





M56YI='








:6YE($ET96US




]
M

]
M


M9VX]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]
M


]


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!3=&]C:R!A;F0@4F5S=')I8W1E


]


]


]

]
T1P



]
M

]
M


M9VX]



]
T1N=6UP/C
S+C


]

















I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M/3-$=&5X=#XQ('EE87(@.2!M;VYT:'
@


]




]
M


]


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&ER96-T;W(@4F5S=')I8W1E9!3=&]C:R!5;FET










]
T1N=6UP/C@W+#`P


]


3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D
M95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP.6$U


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$58

2!R






T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@





]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-SDN



BXT





#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


S$L
M(#(P


]



]
M


2P@

]



]

#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XT('EE





]
T1N=6UP
M/C8X+#







S$L(#(P
30\+W1D




]
T1T97AT


T1T

]



T1T;W`^3W5T

]



]




]







S$L(#(P
30\+W1D





]
T1N=6UP/C$L






]




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]

M1&YU;7`^





S$L(#(P



]
T1N=6UP/C0R/'-P86X^



U\X
M-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

M1&ER96-T;W(@4W1O8VL@3W!T:6]N($AI9VAL:6=H='


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]







]


]



M(%M

]









]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E+U=O

O4VAE970Y.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]



]


T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@=&5R

]



T1T;W`^16UP
M;&]Y964@4W1O8VL@3W!T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$







]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C



]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#`E/'-P



]
T1N=6UP/C$N



M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
M
F$Q7S


T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS





M86X]

#$T



]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C(T

]
T1P


]



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C
Y

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG($)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


]


]



M


M96YT($%W87)D(%M





]


]



]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S4N
S0\


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R
M7V$R83%?

O4VAE970Q
#$N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$










]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y964@4F5S=')I8W1E9!3=&]C:R!5


M87EM96YT($%W87)D(%M



M

]


]






MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?
M-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S

3`R+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13





]
T1R:#X-

]
M





]

]
T1N=6UP/C@X/'-P


]
T1R





]






T1T;W`^1F]R9F5I=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R
M7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP.6$U92]7;W)K



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\







]
T1R93X-

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



]


M=6YI='

M(#`N



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E
M7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y






]

]



]








2PW-C




BPS-C(I/'-P



]
T1N=6T^*#(V+#8S

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
BPV.#(I/'-P86X^




M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#DS

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

]
T1N=6T^*#(L
M-3


34L
M

]
T1N=6UP/C4L-S(R/'-P86X^



S


]
T1N=6T^*#







]








]
M

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q




]


]





]




]




5T\


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@R-BPV




]


]









]

]


]


M86QI9VX]


]

]


]



]
T1T97AT




M:6-A=&EO;G

]
T1N=6T^*#4L.3
Q*3QS




]
M


M9VX]

]


]



]
T1F;CX\




]


]

]
T1F;CX\


]



M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]













]








]
T1F;CX\



]
T1N=6UP/C$V










M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T






C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P


M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^6S-=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]

M86P@:6YS=')U;65N=!R96-L87-S:69I8V%T:6]N(&ES('!R97-E;G1E9!N

M;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R
M+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L

M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
M
6%B-F$Y






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]







]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
M

]
M

]


]



T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV



M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S,U\X-61E7S1B-3)?
M83)A,5\S,6%B-F$Y,#EA-64-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5)24))/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$



@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]



CY$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C



M


C`Q


CY*=6XN(#

S$L
M(#(P
3

M;CTS1#(^1&5C+B`S
2P@

CY$96
N(#

T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
M



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]


]



]

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]








]
T1N=6UP/C


S
L





]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#
W






3(T+#DQ



]

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]









S4L.#0V/'-P86X^


T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@



ET\+W-U

]







]







]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]


]


]
T1T

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]




























M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

















]

]
M

]


]

]
M

]



]


]

]
M

]


]







3

]




]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1F

]
M



]





]

]


]

]


]



]

]




M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


]


]
T1T

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#`T



]
T1N=6T^*#0L


M9VX]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1N=6T^*#0L

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C(V/'-P86X^


T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@








M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]

M/3-$

M:6%T960@0G)A;F1S(&EN($]C=&]B97(@;V8@
C`Q
RX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^6S)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0R
!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86-Q=6ER960@
M1FQA9W-T;VYE(&EN($IU;'D@;V8@,C`Q-!A;F0@0V%I;G

M9B`R
#$S+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$





]

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/ELU73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;VQS





3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R
M7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP.6$U92]7;W)K



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P



M


]



]

]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N=')I
M8G5T:6]N(&UA9&4@8GD@=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
#8P+#`P

]



]

2PV
#`L





]
T1T

]
T1T

]











]


]


T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O


]




]

]
M

]
M

]


S4N







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






@?!#87-H(&%N9!#
M87-H($5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





]
M


M9VX]




























]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#`P
M+#`P


T1T;W`^5VET:&1R87=A;!L:6%B:6QI='D\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


#`L




]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
BPU
#`L






]

















]



M;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]


3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R
M83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S

M971S+U-H965T


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@*$1E=&%I

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@


]







]

M86QI9VX]


]




]





]



T1T;W`^17AP:7)A
M=&EO;B!$871E($]F($-O;&QE8W1I=F4@0F%R9V%I;FEN9R!!9W)E96UE;G0\

C`Q

]
T1T97AT

]
2!,;V-A;`W-30L($EN









]



T1T;W`^4&QA

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



]














]

]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

M.3$V
30U






]



]







S



]


T1T;W`^17AP:7)A=&EO;B!$
M871E($]F($-O;&QE8W1I=F4@0F%R9V%I;FEN9R!!9W)E96UE;G0\+W1D/@T*

]


3=B9#8Q
S-?
M.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP




]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



2!


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P





T1T;W`^






C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P


3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q
M7S



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M




]

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M







]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
SDL
S@W/'-P








M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X












M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]

]
M








]
T1R;SX-

]


]



]


]







!&=6YD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&5X=#X\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\<W!A;CX\+W-P
M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]

]



]

]


]


RPT





M
B!\($-O;&QE8W1I=F4@1&%I;'D@
2TU('EE87(@0W)E9&ET($)O;F0@1G5N




]

]
T1N=6UP/C@L
C
T/'-P


]
T1F;CX\



]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
M



M;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$







M1&%I;'D@2&EG:!9:65L9!&:7AE9!);F-O;64@1G5N9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@






\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]




N(%!R:6YC:7!A

T1T;W`^6S-=
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]





X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/]T<CX-B`@(`@(#QT<B!C;&%S<STS1&EN
M;F5R1F]O=&YO=&4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^6S1=/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]





M;F5R1F]O=&YO=&4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^6S5=/]T







@8F]N9!A;F0@9&5B=!M87)K971S

M4RX@




M9&ET('%U86QI='D@87



U\X-61E7S1B-3)?
M83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y




]


]
T1T



]

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]



M;G











]

]
T1N=6UP/C4V+#8W


]
T1N=6UP/C4Y+#DT



]

]
M


]

BPR


BPT-C8\



]

]



]



]

]
T1T97AT

]


BPS





]
M








]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M


]

]


T1T;W`^0F5N969I='




M86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S+!A=!Y96%R(&5N9#PO=&0^#0H@


]
T1N=6UP/C
Y+#


]


38L

]
T1N=6T^

]


]

]
M

]



]


]










M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


M1&YU;7`^
3DL


]

2PU.#$\


]



C`L.#`Y/'-P86X^










M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

M=&]P/D)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;BP@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\






]
T1F;CX\





M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@






]


M
T1T;W`^0F5N969I='

3$Q*3QS

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T

]
T1F;CX\



]


]
T1T

]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1T;W`^0F5N969I='




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


RPT-C


M;VYG/D%M;W5N='




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

RPS



]

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#0V

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M






]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D





]

C

]
M
T1N=6T^*#

]
M


]



T1T
M;W`^6S%=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U('9A;&EG;CTS




M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S,U\X-61E7S1B-3)?
M83)A,5\S,6%B-F$Y,#EA-64-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5!1D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$




#$T/&)R/CPO

]

]




M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y
#EA-64O5V]R

RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M=&EO;G


]
M

]


T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





]

M86QI9VX]



]
T1R93X-


M;G-A=&EO;B!I;F-R96%S97



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E
M7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y





M


#$T/&)R

]
T1R93X-

]






]

]


]





]

]
T1N=6UP/C4N



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C0N


]
M


C`R


]


]







T1T


]
T1P



M(&%C:&EE=F5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR
#(P

M





]

T1)






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]














]

M



M='

]
T1N=6T^*#(L-C8U


M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C(P

]
T1N
M=6UP/C8P

]




T1T











]

]
M

]
M

]


]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^4V5R=FEC92!C;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U


]



]


]



M



M9VX]











]




]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P

M;G-I;VX@0F5N969I='

]
T1T97AT


T1T



]




]


]


]












]
T1N=6UP/C0N



Z

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C0N










M='


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4N




3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y
M835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U
M9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S

3$W



M:78]

]
M




3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P


\+W1D/@T*


M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PT-C`\











M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
M
6%B-F$Y

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4





@;W1H


]

]



]

#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

L

#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]

RPQ





T1T;W`^
C`R
TR-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

3DL-S




]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C$U



]






T1T;W`^




3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y
M835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U
M9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S

3$Y



M:78]

]
M




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@

]






]






3
S7S@U
M9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


^#0H@




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]







]

T1)
M1#!%


T0S


#$T/&)R/CPO








]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
M
F$Q7S

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]





]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4P+#4Y

]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#
P



]









3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V




T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\




]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?
M-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S

3(T+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13





SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]

]


]


]






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

M=7)E(%M



]


]


]

]
T1P



]







]

T1)1#!%041!0SX-B`@(`@



@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE


T1T










M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S,U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A,5\S
M,6%B-F$Y,#EA-64-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B
M9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?

O
M4VAE970Q

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



3X\



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M;6UI=&UE;G0@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPY


38\+W1D




T1T;W`^
C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@







T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;6EN:6UU;2!P87EM











T1T;W`^


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C


\+W1D/@T*

]

]
T1N=6UP/C4P
2PX



38\+W1D/@T*

T1T;W`^
C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C




]



M7S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP.6$U90T*0V]N=&5N








]


]

]
T1P




T1T;W`^16QE8W1R:6-I='D@0V]N=')A8W0\


M=F%T:79E(%M





T1T;W`^1&5R:79A






]
T1R


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q
M-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y
#EA-64O5V]R:W-H965T




@*$1E




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#








]


]


]





]








M1&5R:79A=&EV97

]


L

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y
#EA






]

;W-S97

@*$1E=&%I





T1T

;W-S


]


]


2D\


]



I(&=A:6X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C4V


]




L

I(%M



]


]
T1T97AT


T1T

;W-S


]


]


3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O

















]


]


]



M


]

979E


]










M=71S+!,979E;`R('P@5'=O(%1H;W5S86YD($5I9VAT965N/]T9#X-B`@







]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]T97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]





]





M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
S4L
#`P

]

]
T1T97AT

]

:6YE($ET96US73PO


]












]








T1T;W`^0V%R

L(%)E8W5R



]

]
T1P





]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='D\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6T^*#
L







@6TQI


]

]



]


]







]


]


]







U+#4R

]
T1R:#X-

M:70@06=R965M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




]


]


]


]


]

:6YE


]
T1N=6T^
M*#




;V%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






]


]


]

]
M


]
T1R


]


T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N='
\



M:7(@5F%L=64@?!&86ER(%9A;'5E+!-96%S=7)E;65N='




]


]

:6YE





]

]



M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S,U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
M,5\S,6%B-F$Y,#EA-64-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?

M='
O4VAE970Q

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$4S1T%+/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


T0Q-#XS($UO


]


S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

T0R/D1E
M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@



]

#$S/&)R/CPO

]

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


#
L-3$S/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-C(W+#DV





]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3(V+#
T-CQS


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
BPQ.#(L










]
T1N=6UP/C
V

]
T1T

]


]


]
T1T

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1N

3
T

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]








]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]
M


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]

]








]
T1N=6T^*#4S

M9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97


]






]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#
P


CDL

]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#
U






M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@






]
M


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X










BPQ-S
L


M;7`^
2PU-C@L










S(V+#DT

]
T1N=6UP



]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]


]

]

]

]











M;6%T:6]N(%M















]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]



]
T1F

]

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1N=6UP

]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#$Q
#QS

]
T1N=6UP/C0S+#DQ












]
T1N=6UP/CDL

]
T1R:#X-





















]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C
Y




]


]

]


]


]
T1T

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C0T+#8V


M9VX]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1N=6UP/C4L
M


]

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS





]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\


]

]


RPQ
M


]

]


]
T1T

]


]


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]
T1T

]





]

]
M

]


]

]
M

]



]


]

]
M

]


]





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#(S



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]
T1T

]


]






]

]


]



]

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]

M9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$V





M;F5R1F]O=&YO=&4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^6S%=/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R,!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5&AE

@:6X@3V-T;V)E

#$S+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


3


]

M







M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
M

O4VAE970Q
S(N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M




M;V=R87!H:6


^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


L
M($EN8RX@86YD(&%F9FEL:6%T97

]
M


M9VX]



]

M86QI9VX]

M




M96EV86)L97

]
T1N=6UP


M9VX]








]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%N861A/]T9#X-




]






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




M+R\O0SHO
3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E+U=O

O4VAE970Q
S


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4U2$%%/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


M:6
@4F5G:6]N(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M











]


]


]

]


]


]


]




]






]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S8L-C8U/'-P86X^


U\X
M-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y





]


@


T0S/C$R($UO;G1H


CY$96
N(#

T0R/E-E


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

C`Q


CY*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]












]


#

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C(W
M+#DV






]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3(V+#







\

]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]


]





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]


]


]
T1T

]


]



T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




S0Q+#4T




















]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]




T1T;W`^0F5V97)A9V4@















M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\











S4Y


















\

]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]



M9VX]



















]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1T

]


]


]
T1T











M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@













C@W+#(X


]


]





]
M







]







]
T1N


S(L



M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\







M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





















M/E-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO








]



]

]
M

]


]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$S.2PR.#4\

M
C0L

M1&YU;7`^

]
T1P








M($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M







]


]
T1T

]


]


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
BPV




















M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


















M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

























]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C$L-#





]



M=6QY(&]F(#(P
30@86YD($-A:6YS(&EN($IU;'D@;V8@
C`Q
RX\+W1D/@T*

T1T;W`^6S-=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86-Q



3=B9#8Q
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A
M.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S
M7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S

M
3



M97%U:78]


]







CY*=6XN
M(#

M;'-P86X]

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H

2P@
C`Q


CY397`N(#
P

M86X]
T0R/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

2P@
C`Q


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^



M=&5R;'D@1FEN86YC:6%L($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M











]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@.3`S+#4Q




]

]


34P/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-30P+#$Q

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPY
M-#8L






S4L


3
V+#4T

M
3$U+#(V

M1&YU;7`^


3$T+#$W


]
T1N
M=6UP/C8P-BPV





]

]
T1N=6UP/C4Q+#DY
M

M



]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`T

]
T1N=6UP
M/C
T+#
P

M1&YU;7`^
CDL



]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#

]
M






]

S

]


30L
M


BPV-C4\



]
T1F



M1&YU;7`^.#@L


]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]



]


]

]
M




3@L.3`S/'-P86X^


]


]


]


]
T1F

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M








3


3$U+#(V


3`Y+#4V

M
3$T+#$W

]
T1N=6UP/C8P-BPV
#0\


M1&YU;7`^-#4S+#DQ

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C4Q+#DY


S`L-SDU/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C(P
M+#`T

]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#
P


CDL



]
T1N
M=6UP/C
S+#

]
T1N=6UP/C$S-BPU





]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]



]


BPV-C4\




]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^0F%S:6






M+C




ETL6S1=/]S=7`^/]T9#X-B`@(`@





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXS


M9VX]








]









3




T1T;W`^6S1=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q.2!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1'5E('1O(')O=6YD:6YG


M86UE(&%S('1H92!T;W1A;!F;W(@=&AE('EE87(N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X
M-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y



M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#








T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N


#`N


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B
M-F$Y

'0O:'1M;#L@


]


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

M/3-$=&]P/DEN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$







]




2PY




M:60@97AP96YS97







M-#DL-#



]

]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/C4T
RPW-S@\

M-C(L

M1&YU;7`^-#(U+#



]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]


]







RPP


2PP




]


]



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='



CDV+#@V

3







]

]
T1N=6UP/C
Q
2PR
S


S8T/'-P86X^



;VYG


]







]


]



RPQ
M



RPU


]
M
T1N=6UP/C

]








M=&]P/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-BPV
3DI/'-P86X^




]
T1T97AT

]






BPX
#
L


]

3(L


]
T1R
















M=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M;G5M/B@R-BPV





]



]



]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]


]



T1T;W`^4&%R96YT($-O

]


]


]


]


]


























M1&YU;7`^
BPR-CDL

2PY-S`L

M='



]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

3(L
C$W

M
3







]

C




]


]



T1T;W`^06-C
M;W5N='



C8L



]


]

]
M




M
2PT


U+#`P


]

]
M






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@






RPQ





]
T1N=6UP/C
L
C8V+#


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^









]
M


M9VX]






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#4Y


]



]

M='



]
T1N=6UP/C





T+#








]
T1N=6UP/C8X+#0P-SQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M26YT86YG:6)L92!A;F0@;W1H97(@87-S971S+!N970\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@






T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S

]


]


]


]



]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M1&YU;7`^



]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C(P-BPT
3@\












]
M
T1N=6UP/C0Q+#@V

]




]

U
M

]
T1T97AT


BPX
C@L-#$X/'-P

BPT
M












]

]
T1N=6UP/CDL
30X/'-P86X^


]


S8L






]
M
T1N=6UP/C@L






@86YD(&]T:&5R


BPX








]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDY+#(V


]










L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]

]
T1R974^#0H@

M='



C(L










]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]


]



]
T1N













]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


BPT





]

38L-C(R/'-P







]

]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]








]





30^
M
R!-;VYT:'


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1#(^1&5C+B`S
2P@

CY397`N(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

T0R/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
30\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M
CY$96
N(#

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


C`Q
SQB

#$S

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q




















]


3@L.3`S/'-P





]


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPQ.#(L









M



]


]



]

]


5T\+W-U

]
T1N=6UP/C$P.2PU






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


S
L

C4V+#`V


]
T1R







T

M
S4L

M1&YU;7`^
S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



3QS

]














]








]
T1N=6T^*#8T


@











]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]


]


]
T1T

]


]
T1N=6UP/C8L
3
U

M


\+W1D

]


RPW-#`\



]
T1N
M=6UP/C
T+#
P


CDL


]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#



T1T











]

S

]


M
30L

M1&YU;7`^



]




S8S



]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

L($-A













]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]
T1N=6T^*#(T




]
T1R93X-

]



]

]
M

]


]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#(T
2PW-S4I




]

]


]
T1T

]


]


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


S0I/'-P86X^


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C@L

M;7`^


30L-#





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X











C@I/'-P

38P


]



]

]
M

]



]


]

]
M

]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5L;&EN9RP@9V5N97)A;P@86YD


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C4R+#DU




M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\





]



]

]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]







M





]
M







M















]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]

]



]

]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]



M










]
T1N=6UP/C$U
2PP.#D\




M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\





]

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]


]












]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]


]



]

]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L









BPP

2PU.3
L-#`T/'-P

2PU


]
M

]


]

]
M

]



]

]
M







]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1T97AT

]



]





M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



BPV
#4\

M
RPS



]

]


]

]
M

]



]

]
M

]











]
T1N=6UP/C(P

]
M

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4T

]
M


]






30L-#


]






]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(W













M-S$L
3



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y-C
I/'-P

38L

M86QI9VX]








]
T1N=6UP/C$U
2PS












M=&EO;G






]







]
T1N=6UP/C
W.2PQ-#











L-C(U/'-P

S(R


]






















]



]

]
M

]


]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#4P.#QS




]


]


]
T1T

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]

BPR





M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



S

2PY




]


]

]
M

]



]

]
M

]



]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


















]


]
T1T

]


]


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


RPS










M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#DV

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$V
M+#8W


M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-




]

M;W1E/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/ELR73PO=&0^#0H@(`@



30@86YD($-A:6YS
M(&EN($IU;'D@;V8@
C`Q

M
T1T;W`^6S-=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-R!V86QI
M9VX]

M87D@;V8@


3=B9#8Q
M
S-?.#5D95\T8C4R7V$R83%?
S%A8C9A.3`Y835E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W8F0V
3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V

3



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO



M26YC;VUE(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U;FQE



T0V/C$R($UO

CY$96
N(#

T0R




C`Q

CY*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P
3

2P@
C`Q-#QB

CY$
M96
N(#

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P




]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S
L.3$W


]
M











]

\













M86YS;&%T:6]N(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M/3-$;G5M/B@R-BPV

]
M

]



]

]
M

]


]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#4L.3
Q*3QS



]
M










T1T;W`^3W1H97(@8V]M

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L








M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S


]


M;F-Y('1R86YS;&%T:6]N(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-BPV



]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#4L
M.3




]


]


]


]
T1T

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1N=6T^*#




M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]



]

]


]


]


]


]

]








]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]





]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]
T1T

]


]




3



]

]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S







S

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


]
M

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*










M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92`H;&]S

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]


]


]
T1T

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@










]














]
M

]


]

]
M

]



]

]
M

]
M

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]

]
T1P


]

]
T1T97AT

]



]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]
T1N=6T^*#





]
M

]


]

]
M

]



]

]
M


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]










@6TQI






M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L










]

]















#QS





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]



]

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]
T1N=6T^*#0L



]



]
T1N=6UP/C



]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]

BPW
#`I


]
M

]



]

]
M

]
M

]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#(L
M

]
T1N=6UP/CDV



T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(&EN(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R

I(&EN8V]M92!O9B!S=6)S:61I87)I97
\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]



]

]


]





]


]

]
T1T97AT

]



]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]


M
34V+#8U


T1T;W`^3F]N+4=U


]
M

]


]

]
M

]



]

]
M

]
M

]


]

]
















]


]

]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]

]
M

]


]

]
M

]



]



]
M








]

]
M

]











]
T1N=6T^*#$R+#DP




T1T;W`^3W1H

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R


]

]

]
T1F

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

T1T
M;W`^6S%=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R






]


C`@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%C





]
T1I;FYE

C`@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DYE=!O
M9B!T87@@;V8@)#8X(&%N9`D

@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P








]



^
M

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R


@6TQI;F4@


]


M




@


]





]



@=&\@


]

]
T1N=6T^
M*#DY
RPP


C$X+#8U



]
T1N=6T^*#@L
30P


T1T
M;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!S86QE(&]F(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@



]


]

M1&YU;7`^



3


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
#DL



]






]
M

T1T;W`^3F5T('!R;V-E961S(&9R;VT@:7-S=6%N









M969I='





]

]
M




]



]

M


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4Q+#DX


]
T1N=6UP

]

]



]


]


]

]



M(&9R;VT@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97

]



]


M=!C87-H('5S960@:6X@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@







]
T1N=6T^*#$S.2PR-3(I



]

]
T1T


M

]
M


M9VX]

M='



]
T1N=6UP/C$T.2PQ
#




]







]
T1N=6T^*#$V+#(P




]
T1N=6T^*#DL


]
T1N=6T^*#@L


]


M



]
T1N=6T^
M*#@L-#

]






]
T1N=6UP/C0R+#`P



T1T
M;W`^26YT97)C;VUP86YY('1R86YS9F5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#@Q




M;F=E;65N='

]
T1N=6UP
M/C0L

M1&YU;7`^


]
M





]



C
L








M1&YU;7`^


C
L




]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


34Y

M


]



M;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
M-RPP-3



]

BPU
38I

M

M1&YU;3XH
2PP





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
M
T1N=6T^*#$L
#

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
CDL


]





]

M=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@R



]








]
M
T1N=6T^*#$L.3



]



]




]


]



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W-BPU-S@I/'-P86X^/]S


]


]
T1R


]


]











]
T1T


M

M9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X
M+#8T




]






M/B@Q-2PS





@=&\@:6YT86YG:6)L


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M26YT97)C;VUP86YY('1R86YS9F5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]

]
M

#4W

M.#DL



\+W1D/@T*


]
T1R;SX-







]
T1N=6UP/C0Y-#QS


]










]



]
T1R93X-

M
3
Y+#(U

]
M




]




2PW





3`L



T1T


]
T1N=6UP/CDT+#$S


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@.30L
3

M97AT4&%R=%\Q-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y
#EA-64-




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$591D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P


M8G1F=6P@06-C;W5N='

]
T1T97AT


T1T

@


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]
T1N=6T^*#(W






]





]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


M-V)D-C$S
U\X-61E7S1B-3)?83)A
5\S
6%B-F$Y



M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970R
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(U+FAT;6PB+SX-

T0B4VAE970R.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970S,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S,N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
W+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Y+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M

M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Q
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V
M-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C8N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]

T0B4VAE970W
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E



M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T.#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3

M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970X.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3`N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DQ+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T.3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DT+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#DW+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,3`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M
#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P
RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$P-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
3$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M,3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q,BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$V+FAT

M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
3$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M,C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R,2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3(U+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
3(X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S,YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3
Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
3
W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M,S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*/]X;6P^#0HM+2TM+2T]7TYE

3
S7S@U9&5?-&(U
E]A
F$Q7S
Q86(V83DP.6$U92TM

 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeCumulativePercentageOwnershipAfterAllTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesInBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ths_DirectorRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCondensedIncomeStatementTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedStatementOfComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCondensedCashFlowStatementTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentForAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesAndCommodityContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleMaturityAndCollectionsOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfOtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtExtinguishmentCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_NetProceedsPaymentsRelatedToStockBasedAwardActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=ths_PriorToAgeSixtyFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearThatRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=ths_AfterAgeSixtyFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearThatRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndOtherIntangiblesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_WeightedAverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndOtherIntangiblesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelatedIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndOtherIntangiblesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ContractualRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndOtherIntangiblesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndOtherIntangiblesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndOtherIntangiblesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndOtherIntangiblesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=us-gaap_IndefinitelivedIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GoodwillAndOtherIntangiblesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfSharesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=ths_EmployeeAndDirectorStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=ths_EquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardConversionRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PerformanceBasedCompensationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PerformanceBasedCompensationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PerformanceBasedCompensationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PerformanceBasedCompensationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ths_RestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ths_RestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ths_RestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=ths_DirectorRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_QuarterlyFinancialInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstandingLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_GuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_NonGuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleMaturityAndCollectionsOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_NetProceedsPaymentsRelatedToStockBasedAwardActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_NetProceedsPaymentsRelatedToStockBasedAwardActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_GuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_NetProceedsPaymentsRelatedToStockBasedAwardActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_NonGuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleMaturityAndCollectionsOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyReceivablesFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=ths_DeferredDebtIssuanceCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ScheduleOfUsefulLivesForPropertyPlantEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ScheduleOfFinitelivedIntangibleAssetsUsefulLifeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DirectOperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_NorthAmericanRetailGroceryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DirectOperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_FoodAwayFromHomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DirectOperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_IndustrialAndExportMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DirectOperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_CorporateOfficeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_MaterialReconcilingItemsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_GeneralCorporateExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=ths_UsEquityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=ths_NonUsEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeInvestmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LIFOInventoryAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfLIFOInventoryLiquidationOnIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_FlagstoneFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageCostInventoryAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=ths_CentralStatesSoutheastAndSouthwestAreasPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=ths_RockfordAreaDairyIndustryTeamstersRetirementPensionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=ths_WesternConferenceOfTeamstersPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_EmployeeServiceSharebasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromVestedEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_StockholdersEquityNoteLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_FlagstoneFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_StockholdersEquityNoteLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionFixedAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=ths_WalmartStoresIncAndAffiliatesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PercentageOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PercentageOfTradeReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=ths_ForeignMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PercentageOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_PercentageOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_CommitmentAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesLesseeBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassAccumulatedDeprecation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensionAndPostretirementBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsUnrealizedCurrencyLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSeniorLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecuritiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDateOfFirstRequiredPayment1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_InterestPaymentDueDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_InterestPaymentDueDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=ths_SeniorNotesDueTwentyEighteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentageOfPrincipalAmountRedeemed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodStartDate'

M8

FF^2S-KEZ?_/X!N1_\



M9'85%RC/YFF6G$[SF[


7/R;+EJRG@J(K[QQYUZS*9GE[EG\]6#\_


JJ

M3E71(15X^M#0/)@UU'?53IXM'VXTK5J;BF73:KWIO$/UP##]:4S88WOSP4;[


MDY\YKO_YZ:P/I$WP'Z[C(O'
;&AFDR0KZ]G*+8HXNTI
9^_^:Y/W\;WYR/T2




MHH6+P[6B@PLICEXK.':T'D(KF&%V)APQ(!:\0NX=U]2%KVALYP#=W16!GH


B%M#$A

M%BEPZ6:SM_Q83.%Z:0L809?_^1@SJPLL2V6E9`$M4HTMQ%W




MMR96.2(I
@T.]OLBG2;N?)Y/Z[=X<)7
MN]MD6B6SC_%=D

1%Q(3(.^BSF:KEKH@IPYWA.`_G?5#T55)!KH2


-
YUO^FVBP(PA8A
MP.=[
)%R[2*71`RD[KE
P$_$TG4GL12V#1]%*.N]+WP)J5IVV'0\LH))0+

2;S700O(1ET)\



MW&ESB]9?1%R'%P)
U*S6!2

M&5XN;K*'[)Q2JG[4`IY1%/9
L&7\+);.QN;?G



B0U#Q#WJ8
\Z0J$

MN;E%Z=LSF'Q?W_%`(G7W^9=*_36KJ\\MKAY+37J):[DVR)I7IS^6F@PBKBWG
M\5!Q[2K3_EAK
H2\'
FU
XB\=BP-.J*U)NYTNKA9S
V&X[JE.;6\2*Z3K$P_
M)V^R:7Z3O

;[;DW!BCN:_V.62\T@2!6X
HE[H(!Y$#M+
C9#C



4BZ[[=PRDA3&BZF1;<<6[0*H_)%#1K?IO_`X%S#%#`1VE1S']).

M)9K/\R_F`I(2?(K5E7^E%\_K2PX/I(80SD4]F
0NRP$S.]

6/%]!;&4T@%2
MDH:(030&_W.H(FI9YK)O


MS(5&GJ%$*D]A1ES%?'^E*%9_43[567P6


]BG`(%HS[@B`W
M89Y#.E)*<'P@_`G&7);&773/O5?[[[-$^OEG=E'\J@YEQ
M86'*V


M9J`9KV-`$






.JU

M@(Q(FZOO-


UK$;\.

;/O!V:3@X?;0U3V*8XX`7XF`

V

M-

(T
M*U366
O2`6`;:5K=U($Y*#I@@R9)-CWD7-ZGN2*V/9O=_LBX^=YAI6?/1S+B




!F&Y%'-7)]7R.%581='W
I^?(`
M%?MQYQ)
^F;@NC^XK6G.#*5?X^+/Q(2R?EY6QV`1[%.[V-Z$;470BO5-5BX*
K=4ZCP/)<']212R2R)S\


Y[



M7

M[\SR_5A@%^CGA1=W
]=N$+






MJ.\NFB(`7Z.DD?T9@@XPK:XY/Y@\3^9PZ/T)WRA**]',@2,E]_*C^^[NWD



M!GS:TLN!OBTLUDQVCX_38G_CMU6:?/`\




M
]0'^H)[B!@SS1X*S/_A3`CZ;O;0
T/Q]U!@S(I@U/Z^$_;0-(
'(*;LEI??

MA*
+KLDDI*4N\S[H$E(*'9\N&10/-E*]4V.4SE^(3Y=R=
$=/.Y?O4^^##%$
/\N?)4*YM&D@F$:W@77SFN+PC7U7[)?N69GY[J[+VIZ\7J\RXY]N?;

34PEC@P
M-:%_-/HO4SO9U-HK=X*E[2::=5H:(QWSS/XRM3$+)FP@'S8U0T568.743(Q&
M/!$




M\O:T=`VT&EW#Y3$A58&)88)NQQ:(:WMSRXT)S)+[&F6'`Y7)M&T_LV38AT
MR
BY^IY#;^:NG)-J[1Z0!8_R2.RZW.$BJ5
[I
_!4OOQ?!*6^'0L32A/:(FQ


M])4X#T+/@M-M[.E-O


MSM]=1.Y&T\6=LC
Q(7:&P)CISI)**!)G9['_;SOKF;O1=#4[BP;9.7YGG=Q&


MZLUOR^W#7;WXMGA\

M)IJ6'%D2FFYDCE*::U1@G.6FD`*;(B3\*+C4_@/8
1`O[

M7-16]\CM[



MVQ\?+\&F;SV'XN5.MB6`5[CZ&W

MHFFA$
]+A0Q+2F2/VS+7A2X98PX^`XN6_^7[9OEOJ^7CO_^PK9^J'_ZUHPYV





M$WU(X/$PIY\

1D62`NDAQIP5TG
M-\ED08@@4O6TA#'77.=U%QV'\WR]_P03PER5IR3FJ&[_H5/C0Y(3)W;[_WV]

M*D5%8B
#-SF4M/W)#Y4(2A4^T&QY`144.O4=K?$XWBP]O(^;=RO]$WQ#3X
M02MG0L



=E]?TRD/CH-

:A3@ZAI+@98K$`8[BG2=8='4\@\
M38



M6VHZ+R!FH)


?D(I`5;QC&GK&#4/0%'1U0QXCT=7#`K&!4T7!@KC-=K-S@K.'76



M0)=8V

4(`<\R@Q*4#A6TWQT_VQQ*5$;@'(JU#:]J8$8YE+B[(A1!^&\Q
METNAQ
4


M^P`O6%85]U*`I0B%48.4YZ;


G3*J40&5B





[`AJ*7[UU7].BCM9O']

JD)IJC`

]]1?



N8$Y:F4/$]S0\/.)M/*$S8Y&M=H;_1JY5AM

M??FZN-T6]_?5K=



H<0S;OXHH`/%!==CI*#\=S-[<E:;


SS7DX=1[9?FSR#`PLT9?L'ZK5C=G]Z

M


M7_[VN99Q$NQYAG6*X8R8A+$2_O3=%D42/L4`*SG&
7U\!1G1##)(X]
`&?

4IF#Q$B

=KRGMVH-
%RV(VZHC'NEW=1;UW

MN$;R
G&-R4!B8`$
3;PTU`ADIX:?-HR]9/@)DR/]H5NCL)VO(SJN[P3[$9RI

K4PO?PWT
.Y''19..@2&E8-BY=S*%AUWC][OJC\T`WU'$
MRK


M82BXKCRJ/Y[1LL5ZUM'U,FT+N!;[RIP19L(N=MJ=[FR!O%WZVJ0AB=60CO

#M*I\A




MGWHWK4OEGUUA=+OB\6BFW0*L[6KQU+#'W;F&]X\`VO*WQ7PYCB)$-O7[FZ=%




M=-9H^MOG&]B[!WC3]
-TLE-U#



%AW5SP?9@OODT6

ZD-
\SPU6;&C@

M2]L3[FK%6P;GP(??E^X?D_M/TUD-/[RF+)*?S8;S=MV87X)T8TZ3ZJN79`!B
M.UCP`X&LYU)QG0!J
CO+IK)^6U?_9C&]KUT]W9K2;:O7;K??KQIS6=8/KH3H

(5PAK9&Z

^#L[KR

<-QZ%5*:6K
M2D




M@IW8*42_#;B$E$*GATL$K^




_-


M1;C*MWX_/@2OV+UM32;X32AO#+I1RDO;1^TSNNSLRGNXG6IGS?(?+R_9T(AD


Q1N@(

6U9+KE%
M995AQ(4E*%-PM+)2



M3)64HI)1`ALHMR@OM&LH71BA6*RI[
+VEF21WB4$X.R
]GXH01
FSB#!6%

\ZL*$L9;^*D?J7DWR8N@8EKK]P!$R=864%\Q9%5


M
);DWDH:1@E7E+'@Y)U9@TV1/6;@L$MS6.Z@4\C04*\S8@'E.$((5L6)]&4
MY['TPEO2@:C&3(K614+/I.=Q)ER/);NW&`]DYY1K[QWB)G7HU'^C@2&MR[C



M

ME8JM5RG`'
^


#9;Y\)FAJ**Y*XV
M5I6@(\2@@EK)N3:`$.MV`;0'_-&A(]7&E!Z
L$DA?0]?[H;H8I#X)_5-N(8J
ME]AV_1.#L=HTF1
%'OPN6+R#59912R@G2*NL1)PQBXS`')6R(#R37%A5K&O;
:FHVN<EU0;1G%O$


M3R%H;

HE('B(JR8

MKUD@\OEB
?\&_R@F7^!G)R3OQECR`.T\;W?N'2=FGT.VS2U73ZX08ON#=3)Z

I9AUDU$M(ZV






F*UP@W^E
<R-8B?EIJXZH9(40__H;\+[
$MEQW`BFM8^`OZ<(:)[@DN*T44EIL0[?.?7%FPA22
MFVB^.XSFW6+R4(



M=5A:JVMS!K#)SZ95FBW.8*:9+E7.LJ*PL:.O5UN^S.(\J^O&]K1^9\#Y&.


MIL@4@B#


M5)1.I4

%3E%V`H(KYQJ9!7/4$4)+DL
M

^MJ1J.2M-;W^71^%3:8*G'%M4$&


HF]YW44!%;;N^.,#<6EJG!524<QNC46'G5LE;BP(&X!2E4,EP&CT&
M`#N+12^A7*2O3/V^LN'M^N?#GG+&17*$`Q&`A/5R_\I
F6
FVQK:`7'3N48


##@;-+7@99:6085F%5
&K
M4EM=



M54F%S@TN;1\1&U'MVHM^V?:QJ*;PY/IW`/#A;@:'V

M_SNM#E4#.
[?9+W^=&FL@=C0A`S2,1S:DAH-@UU8X*S7DJ]'2/J+P=H#

M120L(4

M8K*RB(NL1%IP-ZJ*%-(2(HCL8P.FVIA]S3A6SO
..G
UEJQ)N'%SU&@S2F1&
M;(91SHH2\4)7*


MB%9YDG[)JE:7\Y\^0

7$(U#27R?168?O&@(00)
M$07-_])HK`RSY?:AIF;0NN&QSX*6U
KW*W?9:8BQ73!`)62Y+!JS




M=1P?X'O'B\P)-@/(`EZ9`AMH@?@5%@Q%5#8+*`F0A4@$01A(!M:5J/NV

0]=*






MKB8D-B4;]BZR2CKBU+#86:-'DZJ+GF(WAO%5!8^FQ&W5$*QI4%]%X&A*Z-;`


CZ%7%










W_[4!NSK)ES]MH.UWWX?YM]B,<%O_-)1=&J53!OXQ<CAR
MK$VP=F^X#YA)H)T'$<L(



QB$_79




W)[

MAYM)5_GL7R5W9M_2Y=*0M
F*9+[)RX1`_8-;7;2H?_#/YG[J9


M.:[8!DY`A1&I%(E:N#4'FA$]J;R?MNV9J--%LD'X+R'X
?8F^V#S^
)^.G
M_B`(F;LTJUK)/J=S=N9]'Y#O/IX=[FJP-HB/L.
ZB$D:(B\

*2A+[C*J\


L0!NV]4$;#G/

MP[O&8OL6_ST!TP^^MS`6]

B8VV(3Q\YM@N\WA3OYW

M_^+@X2??@'2V0/V8QRW-Z*

M22UL#XW3UR:I&64$WRA

IG+,!]6L(?ZS3[`A[+5[/^JN5WZ'G+1'PXC
18


M/'H[IA?SWZDC';QKFF

7.%2&814#PS+




M%=V*4




M]@`_9JP_UQ.V4KP=]KW&LI-!=MJ;%ZCA/`J!$]]S$&/:12Z.*'AYGDLUYW#)
M:*A3;#E7Y6KK3KI(J8L0L,(QVW%.XH5LK4N;O'UU9WT@;84VXS3*^YV*8?

*-*]K;%X;9L:4TQ']'(.Y/OQSXHX^9^(&1+':
,-%::JUHB4:]2`P^RT
M[8.0ALP+45@_7%?+!\'+!#I<2:\Y\(+WN




X_(2@0K@!V!)N


M+D

AZ
MKL'O=





!'']S]R^H!`A0G4


M!)YA+@(B6@L&IH,.)@M+G.1'X8_$4LA;F:?1LA*F5S#NBQ$!L/_FD;?HR7

*K$O9QE=.IQE8
H

D@K;F'J81`I_&
MM-$G#E(\`H')P



=XLM)L&;8/!

2J0





MV#I+&U'2T$3].

M!78HL.

N&_S
M6#%U[Z(Y.'4OL8'&NNY6^QT)S#LR8ET06I73U^*68JM?JH16^X&)O=MNVC*U
M5JT^4:OBX.SKEJ5;
DIAM`$V;=W_[21FB?X-+-NO_GFV[4Z3X5=IG-^M1G

/U_]JZU

66K'PLJ2(6E\[?WU6VQ)
Q+5
M9%

MM%1YB:J

1QG

W/?-?5;.ZB'?#

M



M*+%VCG^X`%
^Y]M!X%Y[;\`6^GFUFMF$Q[V[O?EUM1@J(A-[LGNUI2::.;T8
M_Z[?A?M[:#R7+V5_`$%B]LU/-
:T6(3=@@5EL4*




M@6


9]D#J5/7GT01J;Q











MVU6R%XN;)/2;44C\?KW@G3[F,3T#/WM.'C^YO.7R7QM]6T!;_WC[I+NOR00
M[-3I


:`#W%,9:A229]#E?&WK@EZL
MTYF2)2L5HNESFP$)K?!VASA$N.

M_;RZWU9MN_K6O
S^

M77-@USZNW3_SZ9
&WFS+^:;UQVY)V7IO
`%!_V:PXD+!3PHS`3]1(4Q?LV!:



Z[8&QZW?V9KG9KA]WQJ8U*G[[-%F^W7W-
MOX/#;6_?]R;5:CM9U)/Y^J:F'79]-*7?#94,]WC;N28E[S(,L1H&W/(J3!



.!8490H\W@H3511:4$/ST`4S=?OB_*F/AEH#KRYJ



MZ#L^Z*MOS7HZWS1O/[;Q[52FCL%2

'BKR&O%D#15CGB5


]J3T+)/92H=5G-S


MMPOA&61JY3-8095*E

MY@`






9JJ-_6M]\*:D75C%J0I'\K*
5H1R@K3*2L09JQ!8


B:Q\?=]8GUBTPVN


M='+C=18X
WV'S1B\A73RX3=%N.QCPN\NI&WD:'$398/X'..35
VN+@^D-MP4


MS$!4#:IK7
#RVCSN

UP=HJ.2($[[%0;D[+3!#UAA!G-F^ZU*5J#9YKE6IJ]SPGOH[R<]ZTY^C




]VS1OUS-P=I

7K

+YH]?#A5^M8_%CY_
M;[69/YT%3%4=W8TF1


I*8^=NPN.\+Q?S,8QN'HBU4(\J[=CT0\UQ3JU%@)_WAE`A
M[$]*FKY7LQX43$ND



M6%


M'S$Y3^B)QWLU7_ED


5E5G.N4::4`D.
MK2J0KKE$A:F8J%@.2K^






%KD7U1X=B3
UB-QKA0ZGXX

MZSX'8OK$C:2E6FIR
P/_?4'XA&=YF([/Y\^_'@;C2;0\G?F%CR&]5.M^;K

MFH

XB4S7M-+
M1V!T':


MTF%*O!@'R78?9IOY)4(0AJ
SW)]WR.X5AVTU

M



;/^92T[IN@!B
ME(3M;)37)F'^LCQBI*91$A:)/#[F'%U7-NY+C%!+^PO:
MS`AG]3/S1?]B[F
MVX]E\V%LN]@?D@&Y9
:[D5U8STUF@]=$5@4\?MC
9_/)C8D.R87('_FV^:[T

=I:EVI+@.7ER&*



@+%


E'QL<8<



M_

GDTV^VTF1MR4\O6=EEIG1(QXF69?!J2EEUF2D!
M4CUU35N32]OL#E;U;CAML^*7EMBB?)%F[/U$#8!1DI'6':9+:ND'_5L=;I<
M_I++3

_/



MG:=-[_JX
DLK<<V


M('^X=:/8.2&ON'T_9\/3M=M3#-8M'

MY


N.//VW%#]%'SQJ.N'L*VR5!
MEK6M&CONBV=


M_^`


1L1P_]/`..X&\N-YW

=;9DO!XL?$X$%@8B=1X*
3@YJ@



SI2[4H_#=11]O+]4*2'7?
M#7LV/:`JV?^EI=7()T;'

OL'S8



1R

M#Z`3/@)CZ%&N@:Y)=T3]:&0^&1G/E`34&_O$PYI
T&P#SQT3(#
)7&CO(\A.


+#+!`/2S^^)_*L=J'%%-P18)H4=J#K$D


YL[9;\)@]C!
%FQ^&8Q$ADQ`@V1I%8/`N:PU1%$X
8-CN27XZ6+`6\

TEZ#*GD&5$TXRJ*OOBZIH





=?WH

&NY[V^



MFI0SC'+QC+


M1%SSJ$\9?AFQWG4ESA$9_P_5RMX;ZGUJ/7
W^44^=[!%S_VY8S*_Y[@=R^Q$
MKGC7I81C/H?-[E=N['`


78WXY#@65D@^%`
MQ0S


M%=[B*\R1X0TI
MG+B(+




#]S;UJL=_XH@KLK!^IUOE9H6?'Y@76
MTD243K1:X'3W*5Y8:$+%_KQ:`)T8$-POOT`E=:8!B.7W<KSPS\B4!WF_#+S
MY#%?$=PTR@P:S(1#@(+?-S]7=\*=-68Z\;8-9OM8_\+*-TPIQR`\U&/VBU_$



M'T\ROJ(+BEJ

WS=
MZ6V;5K1+O&TZ=?U2#'KT

MKRU=?&*U6G%EUVI=UP^KM5XIE5W\:\PBQ=JR/AEX[IBX(5:M\1*\J
IZL*&Z

M_*OK]E]@&@VG?^L$AC.TH..&[]

]:M&V'!J7
MF3/]6



S0_MA`:/^:W
Z&A-)FO8Y$AG;%8WZW['50LI*ZND?=@

!AY\E4
\:
U+[



430


9E)OS,O]3-QA('UJ
MKZ-0BZ4KQG!6/')*F<)\XBR'

M7.E&NI&EIJC5&YJHZJV*6&^V.J*F:GJC4FFI:J.:=O1


%
1*Q?D])&%/@TP$B(NAQ'Z

M=&Y&U.CS#J_AN51F36.Z1=9\

M

MT&+V;X$NN+*11@5[R]_'9\F^)D,)QU9X_?KIVLRH'WT!IE(A+AK)''O%QW
MWJ#

M8/^#L.@#4H!V=1^]`-MQMFGW91=)MD4_+1293M3*DJLCB?OKWPPI6;)CYY`/
M2;:`8NO8$LD9#N?B'-CBJ'DG53=*
_9F$+%K/+%29HHBF5SMO=^)PVH:!(



M;QBG5J+WJUE=L-C.IVY\9
6N@UD^\S/(YMY:X$7=809^$]+8Y0W:MPMZXPEN
M+4[U-I)G9\X)K]H.W%B8UB_X`71_H,2AJ.$E'UJJ-X]A;LLN-8GL.Z
/L
MFC6`0




M-[@=I8X



H_[OK]6X#0D7LRJ6-]69`*'?-THT?GH7PL$H?S
\K
M:.+NB/JCYO7X$+OEF_



M


+)C











ML8::?*IIDFA:Z]+TCK!;_0[D&3Y^@Q]


95T#
@SU;0LH9V
#Y`[]DN6H'CYAS?Y2@


MG0J_)UAE(BD[SB^KZ@:L.1JFH;M'U25J%8M0TV:I76=!2&%R04G4/J.S.\


X.U8(M.-S6WGV7=+EYS<F?,TV5&!79PF]4Q7(






MR


U*T1EJHTK1[7SJ`RAKM)5Z4OJS%9!6
BVV

M!BK;6\
DEE5UE9Q]`0MR2=1+!ZT=K8/TH&X16RS6Z2ZV1JP;JZ(NV^NC@EU?



MQ/H\SGJY6?`J%




MSJ+*&)#)%V=#;VS(,0[W^B[D#KNE&Y#`JK-EH22(SRWI$FLXSRXJ$1+$
A
MNMRX9/=-@3:):5;3RK=*8M:((1XZ






/1F)I_+RY






-X-!IO8
SPI_-KX+@/N



C;;/48R!:FKBH-\Q




-
(-\RJP1\$T:U\:I\ME




`(Y.F/$+.!_94.GP[-A

<AF1WCLIPNQEH3QH!@QS-?%%HA%$`;9?20CA85FH=G+SM0!Y1W+T8

*&XTA*$1(_!#F?




M12E`N=5O%P'BKLC8XS&-N

MX&1H\IR@;!BSX-2E^:PR+F
YB]PYH(O!Z!V4E#85`ALB_X'U$@'!$N]L06





*T5N^HT

MIYC\0KSD`%D8'B6E4COY@V60TN6AQKLYPDY*\\GHH/89H!RD.]74D3@*FQ(1
V-LP3LB4
MN1INP\=98,[]<!XI\3T[+N^[/J%QL@7X#;J:;M_8EBIWVYVNKM*3W8Z746&

MLV\\[QS.EK^8$_'`=P6+G+R`.Q=MEV6GK$7A'`#)9I#./OY8
3FEKYEUNK;4



7W

PPZPW-9&-Q2X/`#30
9

.YJDC1JLFX4OI4#1#'!3-Q
M;::J(]TIM60J?]96/ZT7F



MM#F/TX(2@]U/5+6VK2.KHKWN43!5`8YC(


K@.4(V
:P






MWZHP:U4G&D^BD(9








MIL[E?=[MRG[%81*1]PZ[R9
4Y+-V[/;-C:GW9*VGMV3=:FNRW55ZLJ.I';U_
$#+F^:9/:-IZR<3L\
M@R?E?G#?I+$+H/IN$+.RA/%T

MT(_!U&;93)I7A$33=&3GSV1?+E6?.EG5A




_Z41Q$A?D
C28[7=V1%<=26VU#53OMTN\0TIMZ<V4UPMG5/WI;
M
/



GB+V_P'5):!=\/KSCT3D4Z
M]S-4[6H*SY86/LGY`O*=(4<5Y?U.O'H.^QD<)]4HEI-C0Y%5=.:@N@0(@JHQ
M+R7B%^E%A[/79:J*44V1@_(GJE43^%7^1/5&A*K71?_T?DZPE^!1'`R):$4


?ZFO61.]
G/O?IIA


MLV#?ISA9$$`)H`10`B@.@.(M00_Z6S.95D*U`1J`C6!FDMR:CQ=21\MWZ-


MW7:_8W:[3K]=0%+8?ZYM_/^9.RUL3+&2(@:6Y&9@28





DJDS`\


MNM='EG\A;ICM#!HEJC6[ZC0!QTW@$J+L:R


C@





=YGP%+]M$K@*7//A.INOX%LAU@3[5PYP56(-2'6A%TO
MH!!0/DA*$5`(:H$11?AQ'*2?DK
^;?GXMG3U^H;7.'_`D(HD?OG3]V`NB











M\$AJCS'Q/:#Q!YRX?B!](9&'R?M2NB)MW9YAK2G&6WOXY6_S/K(U@/\'F2\]

7J`3^+1I
O81R)R65:0PV`R8QHQ3*D;#D?X0T$9;T
MF$KF'71`?X9N(Q&8SSO`MK[H1=,01C`HL@#UX=Q3*(W4/0W/8I3U_EF+@
M'Z!&]C?0Y@!,#Q`0&KNX#TEM!B35\HT=+2S]B`F)D#FSR1*1G'Z[(6XP+[0

%X1.Z
M8(*%4Y`M=%$()5#H#`/V
%08\)!
_00MX?(VB@!(()^T;7PMN#WE]GX4#:3V

M^TO=4@*=T^4ZL4

M'$3#6ULN47&F

DD\%/#=)F\%AJ2-@3;,;BOM`'K`-F[C'2@%%T*?L
9Y1



M]'DAL)8T[O6



_[$
MK%;)'4=3.L[
Q%VK%9A23/0
-G7(+)UHS+1


];I]4)9UD/$




^^V+[O8(W)PNLA)-CBK?*U9!
MBIGE?X^/+4'I3KSZ;Q4TU83-0@-*UY1I$ALV
IT&%(
J$Q-=1Y96@X*3=3
#

M&Z0.ISK[9*E3@C.QJ=B`76.:-9`Z#3O\Y
KA)9R%`KLF.UK+M#UX

M&UFJP&05DQ9RC-RGV:4(E*;8
!O9P?@7
:JB(5L7++7*4J:*-#NW]XQ34'1:


_6V*X5-



M)BY\8]O`
KT^JVK/;($_?[M]ZLF/W]L=D%A1,9ND*G[IX?VW6/__N$;_3W$
M\K


M




M.D[C(


?&\NF4M1D]_7S1^B&,<8EYB4<)ZF<^4V%/.10-P
M2OB`S4@ZI3%OV15F_/_%N`6Y%X#P5UA&XT*=W7)-1L2?.08A'\Y%*6Q9S
2





M+KB'`I5-+






*N&6

3P5'KG[2NIYPEMR%)
MA8X)4QI_9Z*.E,2\OG!9`1,CE)\P%D47J,%`I3C*[I6,8)@S\-;BHL25?U2

MO?+A/
<
GNWI^B%5W@/6U$[;=\PPQ









M4DZ_`)S]B].O7S95U
#0LHZ




M?]`BXY+
:9`2`+*\6$?CU3S6]@<.P
A]K05S5M-%0MR]=5


;OA#_G8?8;F

N\YV]`A7?SL]8@.C8E?/7ZK:D1R%:IRDSD:_
MGF0E-
=;734KH3Y)=\Q%Z
`(*SE]I5M^6[O@-WRK0#;PE$+V8CAI
SABT?;D

M-1QK_VG9#D&C?SX=?05C)TEO2.N&_`=#0[96FKOP4QM&^@=#1YY7^O;S1AD[






PP2-L_Y*+<$5AO^!SQ/
M]`K@B2Z#JC7F(N^B=$3YD3)$F%BY6@%7`I&LWEC1A&^9AF?'@]Y+
5_Q:
G

2


M=I^Y8L4TTH?^-T&.F[_6Q/_V8$O\\-IO&I!L]QPC[MAOR;;E]3-:ZP`7'G:
MY0[^U3O;'!UI=B.-]*^;=K7TKM.6WK5]I#D-._8\MGLMJ:_/63L^Z)HYV:S


I/



M`S7?[95/OML*`64/EA6P_9N0S5KKCZ@@P@@]U3K-9'=]7$L!I8`=\;!NUD-`



O?I_:M;HMH(MWN=NQM$YE^(R-O-VG7L5EAG9/T



9SETGS]:RN(?=0SG
?;.09

]*HZV]HFGV$K)NX'
M`YGE[4WM$-$K33AOAWRZOI\Q6F-:GE=^\5A]K6=V6;%Z*LHNMG6%50P?B9I$
M3:+6K.1_30TC_0*#`\+$;

FP])Y:S4YD-2+8NU^7A(UNMA

MJ]F--F[OV9]G:FI1(KF/Z-]^'TEAL0(=)+S=..//!IAO1P.BG$^(O!$F
M)9.2-4RR]I^5?T`?S=
4LOM&%%_1B&;W#=0[7;9B2SS;C^?K\7O&8-


MNF'F[`Z[3:(F49.H-1FU]AL0-AL\OY!

MJA^*MT[B)G&3N-5?8S7;SJ9L

+_9
M*GF19#ARA49)RE1


M\XA\'7\A61%3Z%R$%+J`3R_(73:(DN#[)UZ`\NORHPE.R15F)`1?-(F9R%'?


MJ3YXI=_(^.




MN?0C?6#[AJX?%PC`R)@/C

M

M]I.GY#?I+TIG1$VN5'J

MX)5-M'`B$3^KOLE;$N?X%ML4?7K/[-7@.&:?Z8G/K&?Q[+6C\6_2QHJGW]
O

M

M)B9N0

MF;W]*MD/

-3S*`Y]VQF_)8OI_R@



X=T&BW23&;M?PHD)81(UU'**%'EWWXV97ZR/=Y6@COF
MQJN-
.R@@
MCUR^@TMFT*6/T2*A]D/RJ7946YTX*TP4:9[;*%Q!I%/2!KRI,,5JLI=;W-2

VM;EC:GIF/L5T-1VR=N8^M8)*LY%I-I/P;9!J

M^UDF*WP;L75$'FS!9SGES93O:U;`A;2JS87Q/:1)HAP`JHJ$P5=F?4S([]
Z%)!-!8KBYX
M5TGY^\NUWBK\8O6:4<CJS&YFEZ$;/9,)7HYSG_1KGHRJJ.[+'IO:^/SB?&A_
M/1\-=?6K,W2,B]'0TL]'BF7:\KFMU%U&O5'(RNH:9U$01]9J6A6:#:/2;*J
M\219M'KJC89

MV8(Y6S^Q8$Z#@CE!;MW=&AY%/EC$\S?!L31FVWGH;T%!GA#U:747Y#5$9LEE



M$8HT4X`-#6W*ZG6G.J$L)@34`+5?8=!^2_R(VIBBVPF?2@_JJP(Y56UH-C+L
MCO9[/5FE.LBNVJ]M*S::C!2UXNT2;7

M=REKO]ZO


M3*-X!X3[Q33Q/1_'11?V;BQ$Q@YA,QU%`Y[ALX!-,:!_^R'V726GE\=EI6

M7


AI1&S':F=F/Y`TCR@;E@^%I+\L_#GS]PM-&HS2/;I
M7A.I_`6EK5]`\-LE'-MBQA:%0



MDM06\8=4I^D)];6]4UU')G]O\5:\44W1D=-0@T%0:CVPXMU_%GZ2&_)(@FK
MY,RS?9A]P[TUN)I7TPTN$D6V,*6H&4@VN^T3ZK5_2T8(`.\7ZN[[VA(EJL9

MNMT/4G7^!G^@/(0#JASFMW4!AC.UH071UF:TFCK/E7'/.A@+L`/L`#O`3H1[

C5%






M*O


Y#!WRFKO#AG
MN_S*L[?4&)*FY





W4#BC0CI/F2NHW#8


O1:!X%7?

M+*2J(]-HIMJQ=F)9JQ6KF71TF0DXCE]H3ZZP/I!_7@N*B4RG):/UQ-$`NQ.Y
M_?!?DJ2E3.0^


TH+
M.$)\]5

`:H[
M6];DI5

M'+JE;*^KDVD:/*]B

JY
MB;!%ZEI7D2Q7'#9MKPF-'(U[*J9P!G0ID'#WUQ`.#O`GVB&@9.K%0BG`.Q7;



M:FR%KJ3LI\M6M2A!TE#LT#DD;P`[P*YCV`&*4
SY*_^.T*-M\.S8E__A]#L@
M7OEVP1CW!/5NXT)Y1C&YHY;B8@

MU$NB5`_[:6N60:-1*\:#$-2(V6

YNKF[N
M-JG

%:)P

H]$C(MA7?+^;S(&LWA0.)'LZB?3B;5':?XC3[1HIF13CK@HU_

MM$APZ6?.!Y1V7U$E1UXZQ$
ML;USAAY'8CBZUBHW#;!BN@W@J1IZL0^0$Q

MZ`82;\3R]B%S'87#GJ%S`(UQX#_[(=5.5$_53''CM*]U
_'*I;T/N;C7QBKK
;=[<$O)^F.+P





MTB@B0CB.V8CUYY




ME:


7XR)O*M=:XSH<SU[E5-5TC
K[M89DHW:XB$M(;B@K\3#15O2/V==64



ML1C[JK+SD0^=Q--@$5F^$[TK'-C:;PXL?=B



&GL1!9F9-^]OQ=UD
:R`0W%U;PI5B_O&G#)D%FWDEJ)=$F&_!/%?;3
M:F:_&U:(I\6QQ;%*.%:Q

MQ(4)ZT01C:/-`E1'JPQE2J;2)0
L=C3-%!6EIXE=W#'$(995+)%^5R;=ERI#

M'L;N__.I806)@T4('8PYI(+'




JUGZP:MWAWE_#F'0W

$HE8'-)QJ_CDG+7:TXMN+8BF


M=5-!1*I=$F)&:L_985!%RYQU\B[O=

MJX$



M?
N492(CDCWF50]A)LC03FY]K
I(RA[DJBO5YQ@CW6PV/V
#8;

MC0




M\TQ9;VPPD&G6+H



M5GN



MS[G\5K











VXZB\(-9@25#B[V*='Q5`VEF.9'#RF*B*$@G6OE+@2J9

6^\,CHW#]%%.RN]U57*SE6$C<PKF\90C*?P3FX'F!]
M/)AUY6('$;^WEY]!%

S

-7.LN@!E4@_?


O(^SM/TA4QRJ^;)
M+%P


M-(\M;BUN30]8].D\I+;+KQEI#]F7N

I

I.@-E:1#H3$1:6H)OT.AT9&BUD+9


M1CDW$.9N










MN

F`62H-%46764Y60@D32/(I&'T4*_#


B*DT-NG
MWY3L]N8\M:V$MZD[G[

6?`\^U'XZ?VR8135$E`XNDV]=$
:=(:?

*SO





J$]#
MRP/18



M%ACZPHN9OP\1A@$29*%AI&&_CM([F;4IA(J$/=G_J!O6T?.9O'_A.GP%P
M+%5!X9D8A!2359


M96A41-\P/(0U0%[5-W^F%M
%+)(25&0O)+E_DJ3$.O]YSVR]HS*;?3\S1WE*D^

M5.3)S_SO91XY8S_GZ3I8VCZ%\](2^]E3:*M^`-71'YV;T1\#8?3I^N;JRS\'

MWM_=(G)]II:#Y.)#ID%2;Y
MDQ[2#A+GS1'N'F#=NM0$W!2LE$&Z-HXI.S(H

QF6+J

%L6=?UP#6JK(X5]
+







M]''[Q?0T1F;!:4]GQAQT%M/@RCP)#!9;?2$,FKC\Z#.84A$]#RX7.V=[T9



MF5KX#`ZQ=L]2RB?4PPGEJ10'3.(@)GD!]1+0
'00HO`F:/@TQ8(2?'LP\BD5
M31(.2$'75M;T

M


MR_\Z@YI*2:IM5_%/?-S&G:7X
\;3P+/448AGPS]/C@5^U`CVCIUF`O
\6O`+
MQ:-(D&X8


(HJ2TUY54IQ*



M$3M0



M6%)$EBU;O%'I&
8I0[Y3!M

6C)IR9KC
MMDLZ5F'-:E-AHII+([_GKHV&A:3D1\MVXU);7H`'`YAH'/G%`A'Y^T/;W3B5

F*W6@YL#4^

$
W_X


&B3*_KDTY'-[S:SIDHSSP_MO^(/8*HC
MRQE%[


MT2]1AWK#(_OYO-19X`)Q-\/!56!T@Y_YZMO2K4RXZ[\Z[/^RHU:P%C=7]S^C
M(6@O*`EVU


)5B^V8$]

[!$ED\AW[3#R

(6/

M=@?#G46N%8'HT/'&_$(1(V?'ND]T7V@K!BK*(D$TFUF`KD!I8$NQE*;DST2$

MOY_:/BQ

58`RBG6'*#_Y7A!@NMG$

MKB8/=.+YK'P=_A9:WXZ`UG;E`*VC=(S:H;:=4U)TI6?4#KWMO.J.`DBN::LV
M5;#C6CU4G
AH#CU2KNIJI^140]&UBEE`O%5KJM(S!TU;M3I0^OW&[348M($J


FY]R










2&`*?
M].F3Y[

#-D(;3[/Z&Y`!S`^J^
9[9K8]O%T'[&'B@NC=L9P/.7GLOJWK*6
MBW?87)(U'\






MHWK)&[+H?2ME*V#(A*EURF=UU@+T*76P?+N:2_-\A53=P:7N4.5]4L\`%9;
MU*EQ=(B=(150]_BT-`*VK]5UU7]SD

MXB9`[8

&TK:





MRK;=


MGP#K;]C
0P7E]C'738QW=N/F`'&P9\%KPMGRW=3S0W)/_1FYR2(FPP@PV)E5
M
MUREP.R'=.W*FZPM/\%ESRO



N:1.2
M%UUZCL
/`\B593MSHK9
=JA`1CX=VR%Y0

MSZC_:+N/



M%7'H&P+D[LGS?9FLE'_G:ZPMDY6.\3W!DY6

MK-2(9*4JBNQ9I8KLV0&/[6`A

MWZ8DH/0K*R#J32;4)Q;K

MJ[#;R`Z^'7QES!

8VD^0PG?O/AA+\
M5$I+*C'7.GCO/B


Z
:3$X42QC'($;












0`N&

M][F@()_9[K?R#6?L


MOIYHG[IR[9JFBSR[;NU$


M?ZIYWOW3RF9.K*$I'+I4TSZJ$J[4*D#
VJS4FI7:$5=J53X\^X/@TLM#_
R8
M4!+';&5+LNJ=EW7EEB%KNJ3MYB:=5AE:JO@.DS=[=UMNL4M6SBKU/WKVS2
MTAJ:PJ'K

/7)AY2T`IH?4=WO#(V`D#QI45&/?

9

EE7MIM(8T

MM-QJ;W&MERT3AY:+E$!+R[$RA_^`K:6LB%K9B6!.O'ONBKIBGG4/95E4NQ6`


ME:_-GM+7]76`]B8KT8+SWS
K$3X^Y+
\SW@RW#IIK$Q4E)9S__#EYM^_?/D$


WQ





M

S9
0X+YC0W9+=:.G9J(BJK'WYT

27L3%
J8FA?(TQJ%P



F_SNL9ES;_U[6BV\
@`

MR'-X[?SR].U/FJ2H)@Q:=I/YPCXMN0ZAR/!
&-/QLZ'F.U+1
0V=/T;J=O
LG?SGV]W]W</=U\^



RB:R]

X?%4?@(RH(=@_8@




\\2F(Z6GJP(0-


5:8%;Y[3HGK
MS&#







MV/OC\

M!2):ZF[Q/_O^Z
EQW=J-OR[IHJXW?*\[X:$73M5?*2SG&'5N4Y3S\\D#O&=^
M3



M$4D-
JLA#MB`AC%


*6V!!E(+W184Z!&$

K3`DU
.'^/OX



FG8

G4KL?3/7'X=N\;0)^8H6J\'F)IZ;!QZEULXC/%-Y
M)


X4

M&Z8S*M:W$YDJ_`\4:.S1PI%CF.



MY1^YS..JQJ4.BUKM83D#BWV9Z\P/]^K8PUP&-_+=)O

2B/[$S;6



MW[9`+.JQ^U+


M63D`EBH=2NJ?R7@5J_^-Y5DCQ_)6
/M?



Y!0%^#9#&:?`?93M.&+H:
J0
MK9C









MBMXK1PYN3

M'_Z?O:MM;E-9TM]3Y?]`I4ZJG*I1PLOPEG-SJQ3%R?&NC^V-?/?6?DHA
;)9
M8]`!=!SOK]^9`80DR[*-!`S0'\Z]M@


'XZ

%`S`ROOEZ=0Z^9




=W^
M%9[@%]^@^-[&+_XL9?1RFJ5J*$D9G:.^F22[**



314=:^8XY/2-+3P,$
M/^3TDM%=OVCU#62;I8\9@4='$VAK?ZZH[D%:]7]!8Y5I*JE2]AAA<
*%V@]



0I^QB
ELX2^'6VU\L-I=8%7=^LI;I!446WL)/-=)()=(/GJS





M9+5@[`TV.ID4M81;*PDSNUH4*J;[U6:I(G^+HF7LZ6']GE*@V+.D
^T-&;
MM:&XA75WE0U2Y2?

M11^9Y9;(R@M3;:R
OG5*K92\T0&]D'6*D:9^&+=J(^A.YCXJ9I:-DE2&W7C
MN*]LL



M^?BYQ5U!5(0M`\DZD)_#^=-!UJFHJ[+;W1UL#=F*`%!C6
-=6
/MV&M[2[P/



MT]M_TM&D?^3WC

#RU3_([/-;$OH_+T\
P[)-

M[OGMN#@B\



Y=($R
M7N(%!Z]Q3

NF3

M]#9F[.E
YZ



M9NE21RG35P&I99^!?J'8F0)^8B=^0M1=];!ZV'6HMG2#I?&J
1JM&:







[KLQFPV*H
M?#$H!L8V78S1Q)U[=NRBFQ+V'`IGD-T]PP3#H']'98?7%L?%$AMLF4*K:G
M3GT\&VEJQ=^[84=&PU1$,&O]-6O'*K)D!DDO'916E&3IQ;?O@X]_NDJ$[3RN
MW9*.Y\X#^^&]^.D;\O(:(CRH2Z#8)H*LLIG)@7.N1X;%@W;2_<L;+&A6[-R


B[)(J+E*;]NW3RU\)+-CN25G:H`-?!=9V^KGMYA+SIG5]8E)*=
M[^`ZN`ZNZXDGLNP]D6&6N1?B3*?1@A1<@Y7:D9(9$\RH185F_B;E%0QTO0N

IG$E^&%P/$A+=22Z9







M/_/1KWX





O?

6FM=P[

'3O/=^OS&;#8JA\
M



M9L=\_40!+8(6!=6B('*`[KJEN^[EHU*@?@T`_=(MW55=1E@5VL
N+1M6:(`D



MG.DT6IQ;!2.U(V=V(@114:(%Q6
!DC6Q7VW'\/R32
++%A*:5SDZ*R@Y1N
M/V@A2X'^$R5]L'D8)5X82.%

SSW@8(Z=VFA-4

5A4-


MW)$5'MMEI







C`S6`0:A=7-S1DJ
W`L6L7





MM.)0%BM(4X3-%AQ0AUW^O#IDNTTX?JQQ:RS2ZZ$%A%LE;QTNN#8[RTMVUP

9^_R

M`F&19E%X)TW#(/&!0.X9(C[,(B1-&S


M=F_^_JNYP@D[7I`8X\5\GA%V1BW*C*=QPZQK:%Q'-5F=7OMM78%N$)T\VNVY



M.8SMS1&ZU_K8);H^
DU@
=98QGV7RK@`C(9R)9G&)


M74N`#J[[Z:PHZ_2_37.`V'H;.8[20^0M&]F6TKZWASPL[`)!:7=OM5UD^QWO

BT*

QX@+*XWWLJW9WG(;@K)3B4M8O
IN6Z5TS.GK7@VD[??RLR!-VAB`QQHOY/
S^IDH
YZ&


W)@J'S;?OGD]CY)D_7HUM1R;YMMM(3(F19F0

XU'^8L'Q]@]C+Z^







MB1$ELS1/JYK1:7TG1\^JZ










].0U0?L`#O`3A?L
MU
M+7FV':L*'9IP3Y8(`V9ZB77R\DR!5#E)YQ43-V/0(1)2+G`17(@K&/#:U








M:I;BYSSITDVC-
MJS#0R


%B




MK!Y/K6



8[2B[0P1J'K=RNTG:1
'T]99DX8UH6
ZJHOY-J2TEK



DBSJ#UEAQWP;HBQVA!T'



KX+JH(LQ?+ZB*
M9Q-VQP!0O=9-`G%[

/:1Z??:%2@\*$/VG`D/3J-=0A2:W33-

=;Q%8&:Q
HY6I&19



#&?9PT[2Y09].TF/Q`UP^+&=50W?Z'![3H`_LCF]32`
M3AY=&(#V.;0?TRJF4/Y#HM(XS]E9R@\D)K
)*9\DTL;(H(Z]#4#N`7)TD1OU

.FM[O6OAMUAWI5=_@)9JIDZ#:G;UA[
3*HT2:-RS<F@

70\2+



MU0LK;A9E?



4TT5FO[W(G8*B





]IFG@I;H1+N*Y$U*37)^
M_5FDY-A.[

M1RM=+$#:97W03J1^++&3V/4



MXYE(
WJH4

M/[:FV:RO\Z(!T_YY9_5E\8ZU_95#?2^[/I:N=]_W=)1!`MB8O#9H(O='6C
MJ;`+(RWKF5JPPJ?;=`''E'\8)W%`8GZM^#*;SR.1;@I'GPMO'U85J[3'$J


E.Z1LI

[6J6M^1Z#3LBC@^H)I0&

Q:@IU$<0<4
MC\$5]DHLYJ;@G7+F3EVVK8M
HW3

M8VEVM&'^86E[R+!EJN)R`9:;I&6#+4S\GGY'-'I/I1



1S
M$?#X=Y8F_K?A%'-W+K[#-.B
Z]9`KM




,VDDY/P?R?P?@[?J//8IP8PH@X#DG]XJH90HO=PRNEUQ;I5FR?-4
MY);W=TB1T/T%H&MZG(Z_;
OQMM8/5*FY#J

M3






/^6


\(AYF`GA]GEU:
(Z;)`J`DZS.
MC?`=IP^YX!CY?G:;Y9@F

M.J

MLI+




M---!IM5


%#SJ


MDV
^\'-=/)@V7CZ8)J#^XZCV/5'2KVF8R#2;*7%=/[&FAC2[F3II]1.K&\C6

PK!0H[3N96^+]$NTKH7-[8OT3K2S(IGNH=2.@\?Z]RV


`KS




VA/A*]\FGSNT&BA=2*9K%_\OLBO2%45+OOWFZUR]]Y

')0CA6TIB'X9U'7[G_D4:




MJ%\_K2:RJXZ+/P;F_E=


M_9

=`M`VE:Z1('

MF5$R:'.@NP9RRU^T;Z6H*(V%:B/;ED5J=^0X/;O)6[.


M-*
Q_^JGYW78D3+&



CT
$R!G[\[OS+Y?+/
X-9NN-P?-SFOB$

M

M0`\\&2

M$KZX8;YO



ML.;SM7CLJV2%4^:
:U6_X#-.N;J`@_]D+.5KB?%=!]##JUM7Q(DR$J_&?AB%
MCUR4-SPEUV'
^5.A98`R(O[8897).!E9

M=0\.[@\2






9(REO[&$ME0(
:A#^/WO/VM
XDNWWD?@/5E]:


(3E;[TLS5QQ9B-

MJ/[








)B&
?/N#W)XC_@+V8$IUDG$C@0!$CQG)RN%@&:FBI$P:*


MP%B69!TA:`=8

MNH7$G)8

./V`_%G0%DP`W`]^-YDD$YB4;O.4Z`283!D

ZVA/@!(&9\C+T&42(@(O




-TS]5ON`70K@!(+D\P?K


%]A)



MU6QMM=-6

Q9AXS)A
MW=XHIJNV+7OWRE7-A



M










M1$04O(NBUNK\'U-?:!9_Z_VCW+.Z^`OV*_:`'7AWK.@]3:WY81O(R^:P=Y]X

=_+^]Q
MY


&B


@(8*3]G+AP()OR;#+!&;C2HLM$!*Q?O
M@+T0#S/^]`M:%3%P(MS`U0


M`+





MVY7\E&C!S'7MGOQT=/'












R
M/Q296\K%=6``202X9VRM/C0G1AQ7![8V5P6#\O3`Z37]21
`&E




VC]Z+/\Y0LOXJ2LX(
M.!NZ3J)W[/E#*69YZ!A15JOR

7\@`3J!26-BW@7U[D(CWA0J
]C'F4TR?79



5&!SU!;

S248!YQ/.'/91[`*2LHIL#0S*D(






M\I1Y:ODPT)L^XJ\?R5GD5`/S8(G@.;4E7)(8Q80PT=S0WR.Q#9@[;G\,[XL
M;2!FH'(EB%P/W@#42Q9S/0=-BG%YND/YS2SI$5-YA


Y&GS^P*+C]=N$X;KOE-AJZI6N-?P'+MVZO;WJW


MX_0@])T#H0&[51
3?7#-LM$WJVN%S
M&Z:-C3^W?U+BTO^1)SUF^9+8GP0SKPY$7)R9MJT:^MHX]
^RHDSPS9575][
M?


`B])/G_HC

M6X7*_OHPD)M\Q


M!)VRO[?(\/

\P-&'JI=TSQ?I4'4.+&R<`+


2VH`4L5FV]%KE0U55-?H]QD
0XCD;^FH&
]T&:M3!`-PVU
MW=YP6***8-NJL_



4\O##
M/M;:'_=\W//^]F%83NI=+_$'RIG^J7:*2]
\./G=/#R5I;EISTL%03Z6][QJ
2Q&,[+56W#^5N'4=33:,=;1U


M686-%

MHMJ_VTS51%7B4EQ?0Y8419R

H5W2W[C(4M\


AR#T7






M+&Q]Y7M6-$/WNA!Z





M


`/.O'!*2X0M.
Y,&QFU)
M`CP\CEZIO4AG1:!JHB'7W<BK.Z!V)DZK4^''''<<=QQW[<)=]U37#J8,C?U



!^)`)YMW&G8(I@O/^Z;[0/U*`OEF

.;:;0X`H&Y
M`\3*

D2^8
M#SYA\-

`YJJ$:][N(94F!*#^VE

7])[M!
M`^GSP(N94G#\=_]D`3DU



MU3
A0<Q$C(7G9L<YJDP.)GRP[B((2`29@4`33]-'T)1EA[C4V%R-V:
M)KD-WS&K?&6)-.V2R8LTZ35)_+18UAX[SNP]*L+28P;




#1EF`'5




M




+


M$G/PT?;9P*ZR5%A9M^E8CL5]3/!77RI&B0N83O5-*E5)9_.GCF.X^IQ%J7K
M@)K=T4YL^^PV6)JHXJ9DHBQ.]KR$&)4:=E-@6L$K)/8:NG`99I8.YDN(3*7


%HY(TPPKTPNL$IN
+\777@/([L8_6*T76TL%?5*LLT
M?NI5.Z^._C)%VD\GZ



V
M$


%


%==+2*I@XF

M
71M^TG<_O++\5#)B2UI0Z+\@]1C







$S&;
-U0-![
J!BVGB$\?'4J2I)A#`9+L?.$/X=W0U#A
M'

M-PV&9;)R+MU^8SHX)4F:Z2!)
DVF11L5ZC:Y=

?ASFU*
MA13F;?7F-5WU_Z$2CPU1'ZCF@(5&'\<2T


M@;AY\SS3\CP^'







MB=LYLZR=$&B8&^$\)=+D**0GX-T/.?L4NGSL.7V*W=.4J:3GA@$;?\GNWF`&
MHG_LGZ&^TYR;[$

MS



C0$IPADJV82YJ,+7M8D8M:^(1_=D]:
MN


PY5\B-[ECLL'A.[3+
1@IWGA5+




FSF%`-'0=KA(FQM!

=F&9J_6%JP=AD7L7R[A@?#YG*`^


1D=_:WG9MW_/I^[+
MU%645=H0MX^=?GY(Q2)@,G#,X0MEYUUP:_IQW<RI+WR(IT^R]9OAE)Z<M:/


1[TTH?BMB


:LH=Y%H\P$I=

Y#W*+506BK


Q%'QLK#M*#(G*^)$
MXD7F.+T_L!0W8UP.



2(;P/VJS;+HTL'L7N0#K^[9E36W9Z5M7'-C5MH-X9!7_&QFJ'D)
M9_?`S`55-(RZQ;.*0-5$H_;^?Q(-)4ZQJ)BM*066W-N$EX;M)5'JO+#=:*(

Q]7F8

MICUSO-G7?\)PPC^2(2[L8`:*7.03]BJ\1^/]/Q

GYR9

^M
M^4P3GM/!A!D(3?#A
YG_]IYXSI?;2\
83T;CP4#69&GPOY(D:U_N[B^^J(;^

MD@U)NC2D




M9/()L!SZO!MA36$:1(L
!\-&V'GOJYY\
H=A!$)BQ?B&`P/YUC2'%(9[
1

,)%H%Y87Y8?+`B,\RK$LPGV%Q$`@!JQ'(-S*+*`*]

PK^
UTG#C&@BQ7CO=

M&U6`(8
(H*-CP@C);


6&Y=/Q=
M6$90?



MAFK&@)=`WQ1;


M(;L0LH-&ON'?]*+


M



MEQ3IX*'S#AY\ZCJGYAT\]NI!$
L;](NL+4-\Z^QI6^T










)?FZYZ42_-MQ2.7

&E^I+$

M\%2V#[W0=.`SMDYZE[5&VAE


47
;1]^
<MF.'-FLEMKWA'EM-VFYK8</HL`+3


X

MEC%*HB#N^V8ZLPBORERGM:U83



W=X-)Z^JN-?W_.O$C
9_4G

M].825F

M\SC+@ZX*ZP+?B7IVH@^^D
T^3_]CNA$:!`XJ'%FCG565^Y)9HX^'D]9E#AZZ

MH\EP7')OE3[(9*QO3^NXF*R7?&$UALYU;=@^




G?WGHV:


SB6D]+NJ5T?^$MV)PEP8X?M(Y5_.H[UG8$GPZ(_XAM
M5W_5[FIX'?+IHTVAA@EO-;T)VGWDW\^[FVU:KP`=M/FT8QBJ2-I\S9S(^(


,4+:6?&,%?B*V_/`(%@;UK4NB82A@YMY-2
M/C9]88P2D;DP6?VO8`%GB;+,1]-VJ
-7K=@!&\HW+C_T0NR8ZG,A+C@F5I
MY;AUY
:OH-V51-565[[

MO0!0X/@CQ\7!K*1O+V/#G
FW

M@6\YP$*!4


]#K^!#U

(_DL%0;*-26S9J]BC-FX4/G\G\M_?$



GI%WSQGPAR#/%W
MW`

4\JF[-G4'_!%'\0
9.UT7


+'E=X`_*1P_-1VRZIZ=R4(51$5I7!M@4I@Z\D-T!Q^?T_\
MI?#1






MD6B
ZZZDR2$\$M.MM/IOSZMBG9O!@I:ZFN$?Y+^1#7AF%:W@2W
V\R+\`*H\


0O*$;?'ZH@Y
MGRZMWS)^]T/RB1+72]6+[K5%0AC=HDE1+1(TW=%Q3!=E=1&`QAE/5OZ%OQ


XL

'*

+O185
AQ73OAT[@HGZP\

M]6)L#(PS0QMH%\;I8'PQF0STL[/1Y7BL7YXJ
B\'7$DY8-DX3CG@RS]N/][\





Z!JQG2A:F
T]DHG1-2
?PW92$3X3@*/)/
M=&5CZ2?\WLP_N:8=P5
N=B-8Z\`0PX2K1-G5\S-Z!#UIMD`0
[A3J-=IE0HU
ML4+&%$+@R7:P0'%&,UO`^R8

MPOUDE5?%1*T#]2JG!L*K%DE7O`NUB*
?C:&4-(L0A1^UX23[A
/#-_J['[+O







MO9%L^OJ-^QKBAL+I]UH4X4T78\-\RKD;GI/S9R[1/T&O

MXLW(?!G
?^)')=2.W`UQ^BBK/AUHP.@)48&6Q-::5DA;?G


1!L*G[QU]TMLVDVD#D`=(B$W:$I-N=/'F%E`




MMNW2GFYTT:E%-6&KS'V;=(I
UB?&Q@-8-EY23'U@M^B6]9NS

MA/7C@MU[0D%*
$%DGH4Q#I@3*KG;8.[7%?R&\/$6-=3:HX)]JVWXL?F\2#\M

MRM(V(.]!=/V7%X&J=N5Y5K`!5MY3M?G;R36*IVO=4K['?'+K:AS-[Z:%N\@'
MN=Q_(\IP@NV4D.V5^G?#:



.+M+&Y;
Q@)/WRGQZ<V^SCW?HB*6<&':_K-P[5I1$,(?
M'SU,\QWIF@C?A<Y0./-IB,_\RP6<YI&%0N?LT2U?&I#8^0T0S)&AEZ2JE:K


MK!N^T:3Y\+5
#E
^*&.4P_0JY;!F%!1J8&).4Q--2\'#6DZZ&=!4MRQ5]&7^
MX17
)^BZ)&'^

7`J-_E

M5BGVW+02U=K+K

MRGVUV

%_
6*$)/KPGAH$[0&5H8F+LB8UKI_A^7U
ML3P&+:FQ\N%;W\8:=@E$<0.M(+9`C;!\[.BV#@``XS2`ZMGGWOHT</MP*(7


4Q+IL+#


UW0)@/\SW8+LSH!+*80EA-8L<^[^137L`
MN"I!HQ=;/+9N-4%G(E_3=A(U-W1LR&@Q665L-:







PSPA

U_NN]^MA\#+RN;.7DG

BO0.DOV



9U/.9TW'F!9$M5J/=S=Y/=_#N^&PA_
CW9NKA)S
M7_XXS/AQ:#[`NCC6Q^TX#LTA_NLU@_.IXPCGZ!'QGX6_/-]9OQ0L?@H:#[`J

3NW0T\6*GE5^+
M6MG%POMP&?!@I:X<A['6@-@][M_GP4KY.;]'VCQ8J8[G&AZLI(W%4=F-3C@S
M:P0SX\%*/%BI%\%*LB3]M&=X4O[V2E[7LE`GA\P9FTS\M:\=#/K^YDOWSM@



T94*;]=U8K_
ST9X[Y'*`O#4NQOMON9^:T5A.M



M_7Q5Z?7N*FMW\M8;&3M*X!KVNI09CTV=FN?
J8FW\[L?.%.ME3[GY=)G4HD_


MCKVD5`Q
%

MERR]*(PI+
^OUN6_A'?E/''
(XU4RKI#
:EP]@PZ.JKC#DE)B35QH`L0^+


Y#VB#F60PVHB#)72AK6YS890D




7=H]#N.7)2*
F.A

)]0RT+6&3HL.]1[7F(



T)^

@MB.G`9JP/'&ZC8\_Q?2!3JF.M75)L


LMA]8$
MF'B%MS=G]*:8/$]MZXFFZDUA653'_64#KY7F]KZ)6O3&I395N_XVEEY0=Q+H


M+9](@KMO&S4/J'L+S


)(A&6)FVU3J&=J*)([VP
M3;AE1_M$$=7B5K&V`3N6^@*I+)=#P6TJ(+K)\OI069ACD6.18[%+6&RCZKL[
M5.N52!CB6H?%P.SY7
%(`6





M
DA!C3:Z==*ETF4;.\=*3\3







48CZN/&)OL=!\#1N-&







MT'![L0?*SCW`%+_CXKW0&]5`JG(*^PZ#W//DGER[
$:X\*+`=*W@Y\KQVGK;

[WDW)GX&`L0KHS%LB=Z6L5+#=
MF4_
@!0

)UP(
]0%
(U.``4#]`.T+'*;-E]I9U?:/5OJ
MCI



CMP$^R\AW<@L]PR$D<QY30#E&Y8J_<,,L1^/:78VL?
M;_[24



MIS[:U!THQ\5KB=:)B+5:HJ7A@Y







)%\(
_3*A3UR+IN\'PI
7.9:P
M

M@12\*:R!UF00!11:0+!Y)J;?%FE?4[FQXF!:N








I!-5'8M2\2H(!X<V<4F+2UIMQ%T?)*TD#DBD@4NAN&XU$K&_
M0N-OC8(&=ATTT=&HY'CMNBZ-HGD-AB(JQ9N.]E8[5X$'65XT=4B%C*_XI`V[
M-3J&O08&MM6;O)YTW44;[=S^AGV`:+\];-)C140(/6%FKFS0^5GXK65CG6+F
MPF/)Z^8,KJ3`1B4FP)!?N+9XA+_@;DYKASS(0@!*T/A(J?O)
&\&&H+@_QH
MJ$-56-J.0S


'-C=W]Z?KE8.



Z;6K`'(2

MCL%T#5!6&\MT.8!M![`73(XCBB.JS&OS17#S_O&?]/47(;)[!KJ^%AU[[KD6
14`:W4A*
MN]








C96G_9VHDBCB4
22^LE)9D9.G%WO=!QK^F




M:-O%P2*V4E_GAJHV414UJ;'E`(\!87
--H=ILJRJ*@-T`S:9;GYV(SC:BI


M

EG`7K58.P0:DH'/!UU1'-4/;?1#.3




!K[MDI;L]*^R#[G)O!@L84S?`/C!^U0!+*I@[=L`9*1I\

].'%K/Y!;FUI6&:T;HC9J0$/F=DF4U^XC


M&;S:9@'A'SW`-@FJ9_O\@-3#/V5-G


*=#/JJ@=SZ9&7:

:S^6$H_3!


$Q-.5N8S



M]VEI_@?^''^NT\]USZ*0M-)S


TL2)TEB__P&0J9HX;G982F';9%.K@Q1N/S@6




@5+OG&\G%8Y%CL6&8K$A<'#<=0MWW3/RL'@3







R')*_.P@JK(H($%S#.[`X
FU*X0++PI



MN+#Y^B#-86^-=UW(3[COFO$_C(W_+]`
3`:..7RA[+P+;DU


WW=#S-Y!P%TT#V[)-/XD![08F7HG'VX:93YX[Z!EV
%=\Z








M'7=M#8F

MF8Z0M1O&J*&[T`Q)G+WV+O%`4XQ.TWM[U0*\2I6A]=_$](5+0*TE7)`964Z)

F926?Z;._O9<EZ:=-












T!JWCNT

FQ4Y[CCN..[Z@KON

:?JHZ*
!W



+4

MCCN..XZ[ONN#P:CWWTO(25[\WMXB4'YYX;;O=T[+YG\;U]+^P^*RQO0O%;
M$7L





MYKCCN..XZPON^F!*O

:E2)(X+CM%I+7(
;II

MG;0&*;(J*J
N,N%D2EPR
MM\/B379;<ZFI8U&?%YJT<D[;83V1%[G8RMN5%&5^(W&;[1*:4X7QVW)@FZR


V=
MR(8D2DKA$]DX2;07U


M@N+8X]CCV-MCTG7.^2$T883\%Y;]B!__\2$*!@^FN?KE;K8@5N20F_FYYUJ8


MW1@9JJQ\N3B5KO3+
W6@ZNK%0%
D:7!V?GD^D)1S[7RL2(IQJ7[!%_^)(
80

M*].RDL]/MA4N?GL_
GY*;]`9P1SB]\+4\RWBXU-K5]PZX23OZS_M?8\E[^QX



W?R?O^4
M-.5,W/JVYR?GX?3!)U20K_1`],(W7]%5_GT6HNKELYN7R3WQ%\*'SVS8'NN
MZMCPB^U7)F-1;^L-TCFFT*VKY'3VW\@.;&Q;U^(3(D]&_(1T[(0T]R91)$41
GUL_DV(J@,]$TUJ
MQL709NGH(PD81;Y/@I'*\]'TU3G#Q;6C5='O$SZ.DY$72_

MM05K712N'
]]&(3HDFB%:%4T04G4--`FQ^-N2E0%L3)1






M'
J+ZV!=MUC19/4B\5TA^L&E_T%QB&;P/XY1$E`
S6(J:$'IRQ9%/Y6EA2K:



MKD6Y!8M9HY[JZ*-NQ]9
IV


?
M=]YEH7)

M)^_1*(K)C!^


H6TZ5QW-


:NY/




Q98&GP
MHW



&OHIFURZ%9K_/1RW2KB6WL_

-

V-B*4&:9_O2:)K2TS
S(-:CC[KM

MP=



8WL
M7##F5#4S*V(CC3F6L=<J]X^!IBHI7IEU``06['-8E9![=A/R'X<52OUJBMV


MINV&:M:)NQ&)`)EX*PFX&R$2HSFFL4N
4ASP7.DE*ZP?/:R'/^-X*JX#'X
M9KRFX`DO*PV@A@@-W





8SZ*?

:9IIBS#YJ:NFMP[LF4TNNI
M$IK]T%A-W6LJ5

M7IRXE'EI]E?Q^@+JPUS$4U
5TVA.[K4\
'&4KI:9EKCIVDPQ&J;0+L89S;Q:


/`.SL:DQL:9%Q


_@ACC#2;$ZPSV%A=K@^E)SAVB2^31E0E7?N\$EZ3KEN\(-B/


;GO?PADL_]/[S*Y1$/R^?OG()_:?K)_CR



M[/0&(ZW3ZVG.J'\Y'#FZ^845_)5U;]&[*C^Z^OI'9]-S_E\]303D^^%7^!`H
HR7
M`;O2





M5U?PL%U205\?B??(Z1L?


3]Z_

#QM=!

';];#:`
M_Y8

?SWW<X8YBWJ
;/.!.@+_Z)
#OTAPMO/A+GZ\W

`8=TQGU.OV^/NBH


M3(C/#


MVDF^;9J*81CMD'S+L!7=RLS7VT8E/PB#**:)QP.R2(!`R3]0'-5/Q;-4(5K5

T40


7[$=!#.P+I_Q$%$GO!UX(4S7!`YF&T
N\;`Z':L


M5/_$+D6C8


FOW)OY
HSNZE*;YX:JIB&F:S1/1
3!RE6Q%7IO#07-B*

C4ZBJU)0VIK

O]<6(IC-&N[-




M708


M!QW3&*H=1^T/.[TK8^AH5_J@KPTE!WJ1@X@]/F8_&*F8CE]=2NP=5JMJ;D=W

M3QZ8CH+IC1'\*E#A%(0Y_`K%D0LX4AC0#\2#BI\(=(OM(H$ZB]B[/'8KI
\*
MO\14AQL\0P5N$(0)Z+$)5+#5'I[D!AYVX_542_$DS0X;



ZB/765Y*!;\_;P5U`VB*:8T


]F!0`+G!=*5TI`
M0#R_@W-0-!F9.F


MU\@!Z2XP4!Y14!I*@%_G\CM'..H44\3.B#PO]%E0D\D

M







5H7E7[<XZ['78^[\\+=Y9FN%U@R8%KM6'E=Q8?.JUH[QF!7,2*IO-B2
M?7S-*+D8/?3LHY[[/78Z[%WCMC;4B_P@!Z]($W_^=%^?IX1(<18]F@:1(]$
MB

1)U3T49


PRH+H











K*U]00OM#G_^^TVT

M8L
5&9?GWZ!RA9R^QNA0LC:OI8C.L`9=:(1U[CS]3\K1SX[
KR4\KJF#IDL'










MGSK0-DB=Q&

MO)P$HRFL\!#



M#\F2`.-4/S_3+\D8--Y^'^*EHP/H][+6\+'\0]O%+
O
&0+!$*YAELIW@&



^8.4$




L.!(S(.\*=9/`)@\T


M&?I7\'W\(@Z

ML

W3HZ70.J:D

(OWG1T%933=W=;C1
M


;)CN[[J&1[VQRNC*$QC59:



MFZ8PX&NV85G:4%`LV0=.X:L`/'`*4_

=WQ=\V155S5$UT]&^:^RC





H9:
MA5K665!K9I4;;H)A=X&:
_2Z)1Y*<6P#='6--*Q3O8XML]((U<V=T;


MA(T00[.J#D(RAKGIYG\2LA]WDU\OI5JD\J?^




M/X7`T\?Y*XCR8WH

57%

M)B25T;

PWP!VX#;CI[.ZL6Q.&K&[%






M4H5L2*:Q!14E

M&]@-GBT^A^$\10]%2G+CU/2BF_&+?L@F+XV]FAM=D-L0&L&G.L
I2CB?6]

9ZQ#



M5J3F=2U]C(U:0]\_?XP)[-:(;A9$C^'#C'3!PR`SE6Q)U-7U/B8F*&M\3%W5
M

%N#A=^




M+B5!

M7*[GX&Z$HI901V98U@Y7_DY[/BTQT^X[97(HR0!;MY9:QX1A+:R_Y1TFX')[







)+&1.#N;_1+0$F43T;4DE3C__7:3U$W*%6*E5D


P&\[\+8Z&
;)NH-5+
MAW6R3T(!KP5QCD*!JA+

1$3!SK=1\*/FP9[IC

#-KH=)FR8BW
M:$C(A;)0R\C&DE!W<D.3)JJM\D`+9XA&=6T7#S0/6@W;,-I6JK=03.=Y)1%

YZ+N52X:]/!2\J!!0_3






58$LITX'+&
])2?CH16EJ\?)X6GDS(2LO]K1B&![#'TAEDCZ_@I'O*

8V4T
ME@V(PZ33ZKSO[3+!4U*D@RC.)&.3$L(;=%-_73P@;5H[G8Q'R2
$FOGF2*4O
M]/4XC-*&OMU9[V]/&24-3E-&\+
]42O=IY
1$]2)9$YJ
G+UM;&N@)$@G^

WPS3[6BZZZ)83!0FI\






%^BP&4
MKO#6




T-_DV_9&@\4+I/1<O'Q%)Y.



ME773D\E-_2`Q


EPW
M%4




70PCRIEO;G





O_D@


MM&G==2S&YAU-KSF?OGW#*_0TKSGX^5J*B:ZLYARI6/(AWGF
Z72AW84#JU/Q
VU@)X971\?4[_.S^*Y,;5J1XH=S0

(_K@9&.;+S(<KNE8!ZKA6(!:5`<&M6S`+





M6EAUL04





9(VHS).C4;%?_;#
M;B#

8.3J
W)





OO*6OJ;:'75S'OZ=F$)4G=.JY%2$\H

PV+$HD+D.!Q0DYO`=(@)-(RA2J`*+0N^
MSA@LOL1@6_+JDX]$7&*P9S%(EQCL.N!+#/;

/






M63

QAA*&[U93F@OX/X



0__J3WC-X8)2A\*]5/]K



'EE#S0^#

M`#=



MR*=223[$=XLUF=R9CL8`:BZ&J#B`.B&[0BZ8:.;$-CACZSI(2=;\LR%,


MO2$?QZ;/
._MM!+IM$I/'9^`([


SM)Y-CHT&QM[<]<=+[JI9T=ATXMQ

F*0'QF.B&0ZUIB%\

N38%5K4!QT.Q



3.ADL`^85M5K.JT


=R


AT8H%

?A.X]'-1?-



83&Q$.?*P
M42B@@0Z5K1P

MB$::2Q]



9:L#:6$4+NDE

M)4GKI%MAO;K]=3+I3^':A:*9?I@


MQ?BA-[G7FPT^#V:#9!H`#(/Q'#Y;_'%'JYIC(ZA2==CP2''?4!1H'Q0*CD/D
M
=]#

M6AEJD/2B`/&`&^3Q`$+'P/



M&/.E=7(P5OJ8MD
;D4U0;$CYR@`?FX)48HR7&NO#_--TT!]TTX$+G]R=LU%I


M\![^T!W9H4

GV

TQ%;#R.4C@GA9_X::KV_=+
G\H*<#5DF[HR/\M7(W.]YMF8D[L1]=S6?367?<
M!PU0*)JX3D:@)N!S&^GW=X



M42\R778`B&MNFZH3JO@:0)L[_%)'V`\Q1C'&

M1D+Y8E=_\_7W2AO(@-'*`6F5@]\(836D/49*Q3'L_QS.X*UFR3^2[G!V%X`H



M

M[7H5O&Z$040\IHGA$+1#Y

U:V5LZD5M)V2TQ8*Q@9G=<M&\X#&







]:\7E^BW*+Z!&Y+1
MZ\Y-]-\WZ.(RC[A$P0?/3QFG?;[-=+WLMJ:L'[Q:VJ3VIK?-9Y\2;OW;\[R




'59`]LH/&RNDCLTJG.5
MNID$Y]DMM(&4IO92EB&0GA*H#C`'/%(4:0]ST.&^X$O`A'$45B7:R/DZZ4


M6J\GN+






[]NUT




?0W@7A!+N2ZAMA&0]OI

!SFTR3OK!9WP-DFQ&)/
!;X%.%(&



VWVWE]?5

MHXER#$#ETA7&E--_)`OE6
I)9084QW2C+]%Q+)1C5F\Q4)1Q]F035;S6Z_U[
'=QGP+:
M:MO$R)27I!S[WU\W*5FO35$299$6)X,$EBF2]715=57WTU40R5GW^.`<-UJ


*

]OKX+G

M3@N(+M68+2/C(BKJTXK&/Q


M=0094[IR&K0H8'E
&J$_&4#&=0V(2@-4(PVB$&\J-EX6(/R#%6H0IMQIIA95
M#Y)Y

\X3
)43H[;
J-8)Z$2V2@P!%1D
M%1B^)SNH&#@S/7
9MRI16
1WAK^^IR;WAM%812.3I4%==B*SM/PZ]769?`VC
M41RF+]/J`VXT6+R+IR;0].6K3.]'ZC=/LHI%XE?X?PB(*-5.R6%B4Q)@8]+S
M
*&`NES%%T@]R^U!![BPZ[GJ=[A+)]0C\Y*Q8'!QR?@-(3ODNN
AT2R((E9T

;-@+S.

M'


M@S.MI]@



O3IBN9T


098!5PR?-*SP][=2=Z\

M;8JWK[/QY^K04!W@%FTS_VU'?'J2JW&C39$R^1K$^W
+[V99WP#/9:69+*QF

3C8+CCQ-X@I?D(
MA270SDKS^ZF[G)PTDDU!^\$E(5:&.-:*TM]5-/$(:CZ*Z3ROAAGI+Q_C6%
M6

M\$;6WH1W)/U`3BQAUV#QKV$FC)4Y#49CE2&^H0WO_M#MC/AO&=UU_H
)&7ON
M.'FUE/.:\]D=)MCJ@=0^150XB`&FV\T2Z'
@F.


#L.'




MZ
J
6ISM?

MTP^'XU3NTW-\D:8XJX6




MWCM/GW=SW\/ZKVTCB\
#'SYK+CC4LNM0O[Z=&-J)H9D(GDZ@?QTDX4U'3C8D













M:8X=_.LOQ?S@

DNGFXJQ*9P.A@I#8NT.%BJ&=L


H8UMQ4N)R;.8WTCO=6QGB=3_MF)R02J94D0FII%Q
M3['*#(XGIJ

M16_^=C(JK6)B-2DN)2*:)
45B/BO8#C.TA=7L\R#Z$8F;C2XE(F
G_3@W^A


MFI2H26@Q&-I/\*78:7R=A(
PB%_.8T^95/J2+ZKIYO-)*F5OK/O1ZFGM0L::



M42S#NZ@WCF
9W;S






MHS!)XVS]H)ZBFUT_A'F6



MBP;Z'^ULGX*A=K`7

MU4PWH#&D%(B1=8G+BD2E]C_66%03]C^

Q*.`+*9$*5TK*3HY1?M+_0'V29'


RANI@B\5B28-2$F,
M;@=@3AWG%:.]!=\5PS7S1<TP-%L=YQ0)M.&:P2?8:B4<GJ+Z5TG)92O1M_3




^/




MQQS4N;S:EOD1
(V]5P
$
EHR!RAOQWQ/4B9BI#GJB?.Z=4+SH423)[A\&[Z`





MMRR`B;N?`AU&TI!+ZU_25GK$O=#\65&I=H3&KZ_6(^XF\4=$F*'BTH;BJ1=[
M1

M\8K

O+!\L/;LD+V51X
+8
M4:N@C+@A2&M9(3N`E2L)FHHRIXI@#T

MZKON4
O!@8
B6E&M6YDH`7


M=IE[UI\[ZQ]%UE$ZXN0@1=L^5VB(OHN'22+$&`W1+]$Q&/^YVC2/ZT^KQ?\V
M\Y?&N.T^'F;G@3TOK1:V4+_;+
#V:0-F\-YWZ^TBY5U3JK)B12U:QCC$-:9(

M0`)XB$LI'7J$=/#Z_&6Y_M8TNV*!_D\Y?M+A*Q?4CISA5S&LM1`Y0:(RXTK
MN+2S&K0,*3),=%9A,%]5S57CLJ-(^VI

M7H

MGMOT`B5(4?B'

M0]SEXECUG2%3DKZG=
Z5-\]MN








..S?

+


9BC3)2@D6=0H+T$A



ON\VGJ].62E

M)).\8#177

MYCT:DDMIG+OXY4O?B](R@5D6F--JY&WFD$8DL$Q0%.
G\B)A&L'1A)6[LW/D
M(4Y

$ALES+T(.Q-LCVO'W.F/L?DYQRXK.O%UV8^*3/$SW:A7!K3
M\T5+4+@X-1(5KZ:F;A=N(O'[+9?.[YJ8O@J8O,ZE-B!&K\R3#OX8\_P(-HG

J;*A(9R/T?GLW.7]
A6)-



MRGN_

8R/E]1\%JIV*Q3&L8OY.M.YB`:-TMK2;HNWJBU_`
M=GJ=U'4AC



1/-4DI2+AF82R8/I(&=

![S*P?G:.LR'*$2XPS*BN5\RQ4Y@5.%7S
=TF]7_]%0A!WKS'VO;
/





$(.+`W5LBPT7`FJ

1:L;FQS6I+&\


KPB+=;WSSNPJFT


MA_IE0+



MZN5$\OK+IPCGS&4W'
?&G'#R1:I5]_?4]JSZ!5

%&0@4W]
M!SE&N'O``?\

M.:)`LR/RME8W7*7M/

M-$_/F]7;U75\FOXZT]




A\7S?R_UZNFY:B]



-/:G



QD$
M\'3XP+V
E1C^\LZF\];PLO9\MUL
7^S*F9?%D^S97]/WD/3S3_9]T9V#W[H

MVEDHO09[K8/M8J!\%MKE!GSJXT2(%)=O#3IEEV4G6I0S0`-%J6=-D7H%AR`N

M?MTO'LQ8^O-BM=ZT-%Y=G4\[



FGFFAZ1NHZ



\V6

M*'A-EED#+1((TUI8/:3!A7,W5CA%8*/C[KX!\?ZK0_+9TXPO5IH3/`'45W








M9K%/2%#




6XK4Y_\GN&03E?]$F^D6!&I#1=







ARS-+
W:/7$C8


MEOX]CF9DPJ^8U]'NX@K)2%]3

MHUHMT_UX%*[+.KI6Y5`=83


#@#G@7.3
LQSCP;FF?V



MR7F4M2^PZJ/

ZQ!EJNT1G=6)L[Q]#F;:ZS
MH38_Q


I
M!9O5E-LV;W&=TMGFK]?V7EO#K/.TV%;)S=R9;=[F@JH]+38P2AF%?=7FK0JL






M#;@/H`I0



M_B_@V)[T3H

M\M\GI%%DU(K?&4?\GTG)Z?SRV49D2B

M\J'EBF/JV(XV+OME7%Z1]NFT5.9UX@D=!;E'YK]GN&03E?\BR&UXS#^/$;
M=0-M&Z07'9::QIT3P/@G0H-)B3%XK[Q5`ZM-K!\@TN?T[3__O[8$726`-W
MZ;D.D-^W^8SU4['J;?&RY
7).8[C8/(5T)S?U,=5!.XCO1QP0:@7L4LO1_,
MN9Q\'.4J.OPJYN0Q1;/%W@A

M?Y(D)2P:QM&4
!+Y?
-LRA0&6<(+!<AZ2
Q;P`]Y.]E.
RW





`^@^B'@-P(D#J




4\(TR




JA!:XA?5K16]#^X+(2:?L3PL7ATY!&L_PI59%UD1C(!_(N




(&((S'@26'A_^06I-1
I(*4^)



M%*;)SBV-X2X


MG*C%4._'%RRA60QEA);T%L2?.
R*V6=A&#^*B$52])@D[($DKT
;SX^-8S:*




M:=T%;Z
X2





!V@?2'T?Z`WW'+

MO*`I#M7&%WJ&]*9'0WSYU^=QE$_Q5!Q31PR
UL9EGXS+*Y)^Q33Z'B?)F
7S
M$4GH+



4U$)#COBJDVN
!UI$^R:0#N



MOZ(Q7V
.@2U_O\4W




MK$
O


MW3Z?;O-H

M&N3847&Y1E#D\B'O#'A73




MK8_IF\G/M_V-MUG

ZXXU;$SCI@FR$RJOL
%N
M+_)4)#6N5R#Y+Z=Q+-Z_2
5(9
Q2X@&0]W?@_8;/O



]C$D1V.CW?Y
384MI@24BTC*7O4
Q:FHV`#@-/_5XH._5P_GREN=
$ZMGY
M%K;NV`_-`'(2;4&S9MF!:`8N3:B\/:D3S5;LB0
46NCN\)]=ZX%.7=@V0)




*]4)Y+%

M)










Y4VB6(WK#L2$.4WV*LLX?T/

?G+)&V@4R\)15LZ'!@W]27NX[@9*FV$QNK;21_K:Y&/QA7XF
_#QM:N



N_]
A&H



`GV

Q6B<YE/.



3MR(3







:2
117R!.N/

6;J_<+?5:H1YQ8Z)]H'`+ZBW9%5;IJ<`\2H+0#Y6W




'6E&QHK*EJ%#B






*'51#P8TUJNQVRE+FU8?G)?7

M[68QD;POL%[I&A!+KC)X-`/Q


M/9


/@1ACX


M0:1^H^'=401[.RO2)J9B
GH^=96WU[9%+TE$4RM_QP28`V=L+$J6&@@:C=5O
MLK8E:'48


:#E!B%5-ION&:TF^CJ+FB]!](.E(R9+

5HP8:P\

M!5GHT$GLDSA4_J!@T2-O-0?V)L^^%XU;OD.W

/
BQ60UUK^GI_N5[
MURA4G%C]1CY;H'+6,0.55P<8ZE7QU&IET2Y?1/F.=CK-:=N_'+P<66CEH%TY
ML
+51




9FL



L!8LGD
ZRJ56C;.V+C)9<
6BA

MR'!)Z0P&D@_@#9RM;&7#RL:6LN&2



M7Z








37@Q^J



Y;A1:
M`FW_X:]-]UCZ



DPX8


XD=+R#*


#+_
LW]T[PW6S:4O/^__]_=

M86

8C`B8R
M`!

MH:('0CVSH!JJ-1BJ-194/!@J'@LJ&0R5C`5UJ`+(&&T+&BH`NQ%(`
5@`R
ME@*0P0I`QE(`
E@!R%@*0`8K`!E+`82#V*X65$



MJ`7LL+($XM##B%K`+BM+

M9^#%T@/!7WD@^
'*\$)[%?E+?T4(J214%!+=C2@'+%SLZF%$.6#AW+R'$;6`
M25





+UBAY&E`
6KE?T
M
*(6

I4#&8T(F4B`3&9#G440[O&/%HL#9M$IN%C+S+\


M=VD0[$:VYRY]#X/2B]S;U8):J
)GY5TMJ(4J?(;;U4)OJ.%\;BX#XAO+`!
H

=J@`R-M:V

ME@4-50`9[[VV+&BH`LAX[[5E04
50
9[KRT+&JH`

M7&5KJ=B`V9QK$=LW'3


L

M[




?('1+].GFXPVB7XP?
M?P9!_25G3ONXSY//Z$


M0(O7#3_4G75K:_I$M_F.5@V/M+B/LWNCXU3M_F74E8M]2
-&-*3*%W!V()
M3U

E`@V&'






\;:YO^2V8L79LQ/


M





I]4IZ?






M4$L#!!0````(`%6`4T;A'FX2+R\``#S`@`4`!P`=&AS+3(P,30Q,C,Q7V-A
M;YX;6Q55`D``W)/YE1R3^94=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[7UM;^2VDN[W!?8_
M^
X%+O8ZYFQD^Q-@I-=^'7B77O:VVZ?G-TOUEB=S-12WTHR7;GU]\J2FI)










,.IP@;T8L\2-$P8
M
8X02@RA#L_98L'(`CAX];H&+41@1;L)8\0#SH6PJ0-K?Z/Q\MIQJ0]ZZR)M
M-1ACSV$5XG9!#Z?FRDBZI'T$=6CN$^8NP8B_9]0EX-UDWL$L_$KB6;X4`F]W



RQOJV6`\?3).5G0($#3`T]@O9*)]A@P^'81T#\Y[\])

M8\X!\DL)]9+#C

ESZ&/.OX=!F-\RCX^!%`Q\0._[Q-G0.
M
*/;D0Z(KA0%/AS0ND$/B/GT\^GIUS!68!AU&.J0$NN\PJ;
^-%XE@L3+`X@

FGB]1W&Y\#;00HW%?CT/VCFL`Q3OZ!Y#@C


MC%N;+@_S5\1

M-+I3=[T,&OF&B0(-@*7W^V8A;'CXV$\HT])*GVX'T_?
$[$-`!3@;\\U_$

Y%R(8;&UW&4FUWX`E:.7C\%:Q
MSI49)/T'EYIID^N:;

.Q$5/;\M4L2$[:B0:Y@]V@9/I\*
M2%#'C_\@&[#4$Y`OQV^@I$Z\5/)$$1DC^!I@=X&.I:%'W0L8OJ)XHKV5IW+%





WCY'=`\_!Q

MS91$B8]GH\6]1W61-;GA%.X5



*M;MQR+&JL@#@CK_&Y'[I_]`0Y

2$[?!&
&.&1KTN5F2#C\R(K^2E1`
#^A/82[?AO[PF4?D;EW`
MN





MJ!GP2



MV%LZ#F\4
\:S/KH3
;;17GL1)_!^)=Z9Z4=,I5C$#$&,VHLUV8X22,S;7L?
MYB#;4/-H.J&.)``R8XX=^$MOQ:3W?WCAW@.$_3&U`][K
1)Z9%'9L'VXDG=


M&PZR

5TWA3OI^6



]0_MX#+W:!;G$8\'-<$;CVAEKP

\

MEN+]^%J:=UYV/RQMNYFR







M^%


MH(/^ZY#!`@M2T\/=S)@31(Z+#
:WU'!EGH
@

0'P3+G\0[NH5
MW8Z$1LMT`:!!)DH5;&VG!0T)'.P[N:9MZ(!C6+&[^1F43(1EI966I`PX.T]
M^?H^CR%WKR!O/=5\&3UW6!


M23?*.Q(O0T\F+_%P%.CC






VFK]#:\

)AI?!O`!6
Q2Q<ZZZQVRWIL:Z4'2Q$ES:)5^43

H7E.@GJA42`H5

MG7EN0IZ].
RU%JC/FIK93U9[K'V1X+2WTXMF
MJZCE0.Q\KI/V67CF@F4.SE82T8@H<L#L=SS3O\BNE[?J0LC
$K6/FAO9PB:
MMCO-C4V
P`L72V+2-R!IB+\?!/!$,9-%6PRL$/;G\'K[V=.6C*!;8ZP:DT
MU(TG)^86-1:P&G24



M&Y^$7A=^;@KM
MJ\O9UN-&GIWF[3L=]&RS7ZVF

=<S!?VMU5=1SI7H7V<KJ(.J9TE`,
MP,I:?NHY),H*L;*&J7KV#+Q3+:AT9.=V-X-78HE5^NGOCM6]4L3LK
&ZV&X
M5V]#]:MI^F88)5M




A;TIS\U=W1.8:C6
^IK2HO
M_8TKH$

SG=P[[
M@\3\\O)C

Q\P56-;]PO&[&QGOATDU\9V1


MX)4+8W7-15#6O9XD#NI[-%B@3KQ9K5GX3+@E]H6)WTEO;J
#Q448I!==@+]X


@FD.PL:MS0K

!.`[.C=ZV$UWZMD?(T3R2O6R1%?GT3'1BN

V0?ZF

:$JEI2L242N-2(3/VC4!$372
MB.


PMU&^J+LR@P]'917
&YJ9GE00?&T$W_



MKN*7!G5&UELLM+J(:M44LC*./@R]H*2V347

M'0K9U


M;[P









XJ6
O=N]3^.YH&[Z2WW9@3I
M1*DB_?JR`O4
N7]/:$3M(_ST\^GIUS`FYIV9UDN%\WH3N&FB\#4-'-`]P<(.TLMJ


IKDXA8=D;6&#]75(&PA:R

GR'2
-X67X/HO2F
M

+/$R[3-_*^
K@4V
UTIRR1HK`F=%H?*[?S-8JU%FJ&P+(NGP9O;)

*I!@


24I%)9!X20;
M2!V2Q9]]Q$#R'2B7V=()

M_L&$'#

(EE%H*FHB(T
M(%Z)#`E')]V]Q+[VP$XU%?3H3C)H]R\.#:*T

M2ZFEF65CL:MM-$




MLV
L+1PP'J

ULZ\6_4
9N#'B'
MGJ;IO%AIBZ<++TC@4I/?6^'W0M+B19-YN4Q--5SG[O$9YB0*LBWJ#5@G-
MF

M2\FUU:X?190UOQ;4J0MC
=[P:P_I)88!.
O=F(PU3)@*K-MN#
;*:S`K`%OJ
MQV2T+Z$*K'DOQB*=@8=



Q_V`3]Y[

M91O/RD3NT=E3

MSLZ\$]:'^\:QKK'W@I$_VI2@VVV7*D#W3%X6S#H)WLD;7S^U)I/8%Q^8U&;
M75BD0E^;5F5$G%MGA!^%1C2EU8I$I/CZ/:LTIFRHJ=0Q?[Q3L[Q='*1AE
MD5E^$$95PXL%GRRRSP_$IU(XLF314;Y@=A4CM(7?/KQ&Y_$9S@%FRRRO`_


4C?

$M@.V4WZ.CJ$GVI--FQ]RVHXX]10_$!\
MZ'


M+!.NL0!X.G3S9;CJ-YK*0!


M^9`\1=2C#L

MMJ&!EF?Y1

LL8Z2S^+L#4J0LM





MM-K;&8*F+9FEL8D1&(0W5601B3O0=*.M4`!1E.!M?!XL6(4!U]@B6*WM=*.9
MDG7&^L:DP
8FNC%@18T[)T[0E



M/\@ZK4O
M%^_.G

R)%N
.\+X\9L1M?0:3A7L1CU
MQA8Y;B+88#X+C4Y;^-X%@


KJ748
[NUR;#;VT1YRN'


1D\&S57;Z`

67\K]F!OC7F65\P!L]/W758]
O2&[%F




#$T
M
3(S


Q41$=FWOES(&4GLHLAH
MD(P,U:\_@*1$4@)`@`3I`(6UV:ZJ$`Z.P!_N^/?_^?[-OKPAG`:)O%?O_OX


.




/CS\TD/Q_




M^ZV)=#'6U(__]F__]F/Q:W




_&X[0Z9)#@;X*



)#^C#Z_;F/#`C




MPC^*O2B\8154)[LW_&3H`V4$2Z_Y\4JM7\;C67QRG]-I
11^@/3!VWFEYDK^
M@G


.9'KPEZMEGM$





MOZ%RK]/





-7.&'\WP=I6T2
MW]!?Y[@G;




M?5R#]8C6.C#N_H(^;(B^_^1%Z&)7$)&H$4&N@_UPEAW!S_8U]G*RX2CXS]S#

H*\AF/=H

MQ'3+
CJ(;





*
=-$&@#(R
MD?8=%(D2\T)^I1)QBO

MJ0&^F^+6C\&B.B(F]KQR9&1YD;RIMAMI8\;1(B13D,/$$8FBJ7Y13G0_'S









`V=D8K6+
M:


=R1
5$^L.&$&`LZ:+V


M].CKJ=736P/L\(X^S$(MS]68W[TZI=.QX'?*IT:7T?H)671YD:=*?3IX$U


L-CC)H
OV6Z3N$@*.GEE




5[R*+D\8CQ

3'P



Q4J/V+]:C



M8



M)YR$M8[@9PP$A9=5T
$9!`.GI)9MB%ZMK$G+Z
Z3A6K%_G0:[.OP$9N
MG%@LF)QZ)X]C[0`R.=].'A\Y9Y?)F7?RN+94=I
S[53YB=D9=5+QL292DB&I






7^W58.;C(S@3$J.R8L\FQ#+L$?]9GE8W(RPP@
BF8LTM!7HXV`



UNF(_/5%8
@WM
1\+X5$#;D!;?








)_9\4CPE-.3Y)'I.FD0PG^11

PTN@V@



M+%@PI5$2DW/-!%0\UDJHW8L;
\K(L367XOBQ-R'[Y0P&
:

M

M.+SVY1!MG;H/DIR5#
*X
WKRH

MT#S;T1*!0F%_+1V_3


MMR*N:CF$K]'W7
P



M)KIZ4.3BQH43CH==KZ5

WNYWZ9D.!PE24$:0BVU#(
M

A0.9


M:DJ9:P*









MYA@0*$L]0@QE:PQ0UU)VBM/%[IE\FW&.568:A1'/NE68:!0^E
I

M_?;)+)SVJL=*T

'CP1_%

MVE3Q02LOC[(V0CWDX5'29S=+
XD&C#T=GP2$-\
3@9OB)*\XM%P'TM=\AC[&

^IT=*1)SHABT/
M8E



M+@7'-ZGY$




KUU_D_+#!

SBFPL0W!
MV98


-S9A[XC8?72
Y/70V%

2K
MF;X6*S+Q)XS=VY.][V+W+G;O8O='05#YV+VY1;_:8O=0Z0DN=J\:N^\(/-O0


7'R9\_$T;X+8RBO7GX[+U?(?J6


K]O@4$BVLL5W4/;0@&HL7R5-#S^?

M0

5U`O;`\)A0@ZKCY&7HBM4_K
#8LXD#=MZ&P=$

M6D2]=QYP4%):0L

S7*ANI-51(JOF`)5;$Y`N:



YBKJ-9B)B@3*G&S6SOHOW-\B;H=C'HP+:5(T3_GI.


&
S)R$FKQ/SX2FC1^FHV;SH[;3\0JM





M'Z%NFE@/Q5-(TO731Q

J=]U==1F0+X_M/NG!AX0+MZIN/#2T)='2;R


ME?

$LNX#0?S0Z@2RR2P_C

MT`]R1@R`?_^
6!


M?`3&





H+
P=%7^
@:#P\M\H:PT!A?'1^_:%L&?Z)#RM-JFZNJB=



@'!`VY


_D8I&NS:W#3SXE_H?B_W'CQ&J6W



&C[P2OFU]$-SQKAL]GI)5(_IO9YG\:H++A*FS*#20@)#
M27T!O.)OL\7NQ*J6V\&]_4-19'G&K(AC4.(F









8IKU19=6A
MB'FDQ4_?RLR%P:H-RCW*KM_]**?%*AW9)%)3[0\.ZZ'S(_6VT1_3L8=
(3

M.

M-^C:#^4J6DOP9)%@5OU





/^6Z


IBC!*

#_#\6*F.;LHN!G-3IX]HK`MZI+M:Q+3=ZAI


MK]X+6H+_ES`N^

7ZZR/@;CK%UN-#1.`\TD&:%'C`R5M(24:N
MC!:K;DB'J



3_*?




MN3WY--.DFQ8?38K^B8R&?3SO5+.?:82NBQ@ZY'5]##X:=R54:##HVM1$`%+@
MI4(\/(O6I1R:&(1Z1(31^&$45L_''!_
JFUBL

[9!F'&-O&0(H;<58QVB?;W:Q_+E4.0T/$B#WN
MJBM









M$K
M3I

78;S5G$;YZ(9ICC;Y/8E\6#?8TYQ-V
S['_U8</T&EC1W/5<SH)'


MT]_!H!-RA^8(`B?B%@LW.IQ=KFAL-S&316&2*9]=M1M^HB\E.C;+]'N@1R
MD.J4+:V'&!*!N`_+6%^#H-Q@G7(257`(?NR-V6LL#XB87H7Q0)]0J5Y3*7



M84-/

4=S(YH5\6


V3HF=

!+FGCYX.\&!:PV!





RQV867V75PLP@:LQQ.,XL([RO



^PJW/YUK^!K(ZCMQL)QLSZGA
M8ZZ-QW#(-/$Y\GG!%S4

[_\YZK
BX_FV


I

WTP(J
BYRX08)Q/=H3YF1!R-J+9F1
#H?G_5R))=D9
$P+S-[OGA%P.U[!W6EPZETOGLAM57E+3+#*V^N3VS#;
MBY/;



LARYBNX2B5JQ9^=(Z

(G6[0`;41H
M9DG49`!2UPQGPQV*MQQ=G5][/CI;K[CN-DX/5\YUGS)HK2BTZC.6AVQ1Q
M5']_&*6/K428:[#KS^ZQ^&W&EOX[D(L`X(=:V]S%W
.JO`^RJ-BND+/2Q
X
MX
)
;JF/FGGN906


MF6T0ENB8?3I.0\H?4[_A/\




MIE$8=1;8R\QTQKFAVJ^0-%QY!VZ7.^571?F5XE;GK@T#N4@5)(G4EMJ6]:4@

G*AM-T.=Y




MR'&
]\6.0B0=BJ?QKMPICQ=?=!OO$AZ%3!R[UGA/\23$.)C+X
YD.5^4%HU=
MFT/NG%U4#^3_Q]D&9:%/Z`&@SR_(Q@44MO`-U8]+7;_[44XH3&-$E`Q$@E`J

_%KF&UN



H`Y_'IJYC$
MPCD@704.7F5.H+JA



`/+VM!-A1TDSQ
M(WU7[,Y=9.T)Q0V4OIO90`T#@XB+Z%_JA@5/4CE^1J)Q-*?-Y*V7+.WSJ2)

%5#JB6C^'7E8%`EI

M!Y/(+'S;V6(J&_&TM$3C8/W9


M-0.$ZKD^'*-V#EV-$5!+!NGG[;2'[RUNBSDJ33B&!?B3@&90I2VT*J+\?.9$
`:<0XT5
MX.M]NR3
WWS;$Q^





Q1?:B



&T#2:<)B]:T
X
M#9

*Y#E!^O.M^^7[OCZ^?8'&R6WXXR;A?4P5\^W*=ATH1S7

MNN-(=

M!MHKFDX_8&0E@NM6U


2#TT&__F6=XS@Q)U%






M-@@_;[RXW6(+!6



M)Q=0']_8._.X^E1A@UD$V@TCLXHOJ:;_67;1-\)/[-X`

M\H#

MIU$A



1C7_;T=ANIA%8
Q%3E5E98`QI')267O

1;X$ZRQUP*RTR#IPU_H)$
]Y1ND7/6(0:28+UXSM0^

K^

;
0E\D`#76E
M'SV4EG?.J#-W1ND[J




<J6)KR8&[B8(`$**FUV9MD^

N&-





C--0
4):5(8B4]WY(
M[^7
P#VMMR5EA?-4[J;
6J9@+4K6X(\W!/KK-`NW5
6[R;-:^.

H[*@4XPR&@/LF?$=58$`2


J.RDUQ*[/.!EIAJ!
M4WJ91!'R:?WZ!1$PA(O1\O7:H*TMUN6J%^;]/V`&?2H'COBL=LPR!!.6`TH5

*`-)1\:Z=$S

MI@*40)E9

M_JA+B2]M&!OAQI
XZ9UQB]-:E=


M)Z-O[DD`JU64UXP?V7`M&0&O%N=IYY2!EYUJP*B=RU=C!.1HDJZ#[!7XFT'A









MRY\3^O?K=Q\APGDD60/#K3G:IYQ'W0Z/NG-0F^.N-0%A(WV44(X*YZ6;T*P;



MUT



J]O?;D/XJC:J*!FQ#'JPTXDK.




`2.]:Q`EMU02YGAG85__:^?ZS$RC




M%N/1LZ]V7WMJS9

M.I%Z!:)JBLGYW4!K_1HHGCK)C
@F$T+(3C!07
2
K+EY=CMV6:ARF)F4A=H3
M^M\^N;S
$X!
R
MT^6=:\L]&MDQ[209GC&HEH:KV89(G#ZV\/


IU#J

B=5ZQKBM%
`[




M$SWB#`XUR9/03+6B:)7TG$@I%ORQSIGKG+GJ/7+4-$&Q::(L6.WTTVJE6:?X

MCQ$HL38717!1A('5P[(ZAFK?-0

*@!J%/$5NNFB4)R^$%G\U

#+SG64)]_?Z*_`P%





RP6
MY
KQ3-?
!Y-05;NQ
RCE1C=)49&/GGD(I6N,F+2*6KC+#$H^=\O?.OC#@X




P_3XOK=A.\H*'O'%W_%*.#9?WU6
A!C
38[&LQY59HX.)
]ZEYDU3XDX=7-LJ:.SU^VD
M-G.&=D%/DK&ED\E&P&!$CQ0&D_7\@;CV$IWP^CX4/02%3PK0\ISI#(YI&W


G:S_LU^


N%3Z!]


MEY&7IOPL=
5%P/&\0P0N)`:T489_A5XQ\D6M?G2MKM6/=:QGR/G;^+-&!:[;







(3\N9-^`1:E!*-`Q;
M\(88L(2H/1HFO^0^-B'8SV^;]W;[V'0P^XWV4;$7!8/@7V0'(DIW=.A`FH_F
M%2T

T^\8.:%+/2-_N$CFI2S$KC


?7[T15(DJ&D)9R


MY``MXN`N*7L]+6E[R(V0PZ,ZA.Y\'W*Z=(';T?/'(&8_(6(NN`N]%[B)`-

MFX

-Q&G/-'?]\*JG.]_]4!S2`X7EO?BL.

MO0V.


?/K3$

MTVNAI[='`N54JN@
/%0P1)N;QPJ6BD+=#]R))1&ID3%MNH[-6.0^BQ.Z@;(
M*@QV17-4J2T&L$C.:.B+N&(



M]



TS!X)
R!I]
P(!UA^4.EF#F[#
MOBD-R-)3H:B
'7^-L\#2I-U\1'Z.
='6Y-B':I,BAGM8-:F=BUQN#EFPDGV
MIYCIH2VU2Y:K2XR
+OQ_
+(%RAFW.&FP'Y'_
%*:[AD




MZHIT
)N$
&

IS9F\BO28Q)&L;N.





;+!).=



M060

MQSL-'BWB5B6KZ.$M!M.'3\VX$+DW'8\M:1M2'%21[7#IVY#QT'M_!38A?.K#

M;

L6

*@%G^\U=`K-YADMV5$

_6XL^+9`+*

ML*+.HA6^R&\9M'Q191*B`NMD()ZVE*UTZA1[3Y34_00/2KC8.$A(^%2`G%UX
MG

MFFN99]DPW


E

M]
A``D_WTKJ)+67#AIX/TJ@)+7P;6CU(8WKJ7;*AHX


&T_S/88:]O/6;8.;


\'7BXE.2D3L?1(?_I.%ON9FI8
'%BRAZ)@<I)5*D<$ESZ*#].U/'=7IQ

2P[@B9^6AT+$_N'=
3.S8GJ$P*7EQSSTU@.Z


M+V%$2(32RQSC@H\R19K*ABO6Q`Q0.^_!$.KHZP\=$@.#@[SD!K##B44D0]


E1Y!_<YJ)N'18A=+3@7$3ZUF&.%U.P9GO@F&.6U?_HSP]@J]


D%$PE-6)15KPY
D%
M[.!2

FSX%GA4O


]:H)8

1G(%R)6:O$K.3?]%VI#IJS1FKH

#=0.QEKD?K&AF&TP`3@O#YD;



51#7KH+(51`9QVWLJR!R.;8NQU9GCBUE
MMAAM*$W?$%S+0



MY8RXG!&7




MA5.


O58R02

X=NBP!%)V:M0OS1F;@;36
12=M'5Q#(O
M]U`;L=2B-#5)S


MPM






A9I4D*

MB@_...5=
SF%1I7).5P3TJ-E0L/G?1E!$[$;7*ZYH1$:MKQ-N2037)N:J,2
M/#-,VM7=2PV?@8N_-]ZJBH\%3O_[)
0)XP0QU.XCL-5Z-/X7TD:0J2')`I]
MN#G*MBF&7&

M+U@V77)HJY9!C5CEL)';BYX6UQ)9$138'`@1V21I@FY'!D*?@VSS?5[FTQ



MU
M`1#O.O4@

&(*^(5IVO)







T4;NIU9
.!/+[CTJM[I504A!B17F94884KD
MD1D2K[OTW-#S@*B`YR8JU_)5N?17;@J,_E%`?-AZVE%:/\5HM24K01K#\3!
M_2'BMI*+I[C\KE=1
'ZB

1N+


_W$26TGM9W4'D-JRS)5)ZSM%=9]3&]F


@?\#)38*WWFV\HO^@?Y+5+&57L5G%9%[!F\A;IUD2HQO*
MO[@7D#G


M_.MO+%JTH1




M`O(KP6*\O^GRF)W.@





='3OC
M5-&9:5[G)
DGA5/V6O!0D)WO]!2GIT#(;_D##JZT.



M##5@
!MVL$,%0+G3!8&!X4]_LD?D

M5-$ET&M16#K4![E]U-


MCTJ%EAL71/LOWE17NR2--\6_ZM-VT&?
2IW2;DYK`[TNS+(HN-?CF^!`T^

M-Q+U-`30P1K`L\A'/1A#U*@Y-L[09)K
I*&&1BUB1ETU!MKSX+TVIC@;TDIT

-=C5:?P.(7'*3RS47@&



DR#T&]0GILW?448?Z5O'X1_*LK?7



M






MTP=.39&:I
$B[=.J1F()I_





MC?ID^F8A1ANZ@[28F3Y\*V5E]EO+B7


%JUW16])/<MJTI4JVF:M
MJ&]HEXJKOJ+3=IVVZ[3=&6J[/9@+N.YKL`+P[S_23[QX*2+_\?\#4$L#!!0`
M```(`%6`4T9EU:)EQNX``#OW#0`4`!P`=&AS+3(P
30Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q5


M`1*D([+7[)PNI40ZW)W^/+@Y'/_M__S^XJ-7'


M'MSO81^O*$;]Q'[,;KQ@G\\NC$^0_1_MR@,T/_Z\.4&.3]/$7I.DOT??_GE
MV[=O/^/MDQN]#P/?_#/F_#E%_3^?=;4G[E2?T3+GQWGYWGI+U_0[#](YK.
M2K^[C+;D
?1ENCS1^1
IHOW$^?]=/4P7?UQNOCC9/Y_EY\.]V^1]_2
MG\C#D\5[\L8
??GYR\\E`___Z#X

MH2CZ0&
D_*`]4%,;?$QQL\393
MF<J0!-K@L4Q$TK%AIN*0)]&=!A579`\QQ3/\ZG#H_*_D%_\[6*3T=7VN\C
MO/$8%'[#+X\X?Y]IS02T//]+KA!]HZ)2A./P$&VPCHW;<'-XP4'FM!5YF_^

M)`^5!:*O7.3_\]]^8:V;M=+GH36D=5

@W)

BT/\3OGUQW
M_PLE@E^PG\39;Q@UO)]

M^IJU

M#9V9
(N`V


8@W#B8&=8_3
MZIZ/$E*S?P29.@2@

MOW2D;/ZNA8
*IIAJ/^(LUY.%[HM6#?6**#X9KL




M^=272H!J?F5\5#7JH1R!L_-I%5JY.
3DV0&P_C8RE!6V63)I;`V]!NB(?0&$



M#??/@[=_D7:E9L1#44(/G541

W?O[DA]_^A+=/[7M*_47#
%!G?=63NY?G

HC%#1/*+M(ZH`XAK8



QV7ON+K8!.^




O_W%
?O45FW42T]


MQR+

9^M&D+TO0`8]6#5FYS&TF)W7N9T60DLR
&WU@R@
MLH$QF0J4\XZ$WU;T_*A`$BBARMOGSCSKJ4IO0Z'%A#&.BC'C8:,EJ*JXD-D/
MBXGX(13`]O[9C3`K*']9.A7T!?-!*K['T:NWP7=L'_`+SZ:F#_S9]0_;8^A
MFP5!Z#VJ&)CZ4RSX].%1B@)D6R$RA1[SV\+**MVAG+E4*H=XNJADG[0+&*!
MPQD9L8%BZL7RR3D[B&E89#?SVX!?!IPFJ5;!QO/Q9YR4MJQFDEX%X6OWA9O
M/[S]'M
#A[=[6F_;YXN-HGWRDZVMU7':(I*#HTI+_&QNJLD0)S/5C:3W4_

E/!T.+KYB





%




MX`WV7A7*I6K)L`2.-
^06W'*-G.*:SEX

'C6!U3OS<V%MI

#M#666]CIN
;(]\JZVV14[9HG\H!VQJ302/?$Q/:

G&DYFJ%W!CO;X!2
O.&O


)M1QFSL)ILX47XUC8LD9FSDRGY4/+9RI8*U8
M06OUR`#X5\:]'7C7X^%


MA4ME'%HS%B*JTUM2[I\Q3FYH








M
I&H)/

<CW40^M\*@
-%8B8
EGBODC&'1$?=FAEN'^.F`?C/[J<QA$M*I51)=Y\]O4.@RL.\BV@QW4%59/


M:KZ0

0#^T/T3Z
!ZJMJG#Q
M`6`T57QSQKQ1.
@VINU-/VT\W

Z/((;@&QQ$^V
M`?0+?L7!06-MIO:F):!




BID^5%`7VJ)U-9L,3(WI/979-9PE'7\`AC3A
M?<:3+6XY2;IL0?E@IG[*#\(=9;^
%Z8EQL];;HL_4$5JO-Y[;C!
$19^J-9
M@EQS5P?XB6[?C4R1G3T^YPD/&YI7'J.]^\:\2KWH;C;1P?5_-+YL@/;`3'G\
M;4Z=(Z_P#A/#Z
D$_O1G\B&K5[

\V/^_7$F_*J<,`+G
MBC_4J1/O=90*//RAV^39QP]/+OYN=P1$-&NPXE2;ZMA&AL@Q^7<S')OH6F^

&?K0MH<]XC!5)VLJ)
M\AI17?UNQ8&S*3\WS\E.*W5<UZ$L;_R!:D@+\+':VA/*Z_]*.Q5@N!0K)7Y
M_.39*E^R+/V-S:;'%QQXZ?*;4*+U(_4RHJ.F*\7
7RW]
UO1]A4&?J&[`Q
M'E_I]

*S$H337__M\N+H
M\Y3^


M3B=3YWSI_&W&OR81@IB4
W3S\QWZRD4-
W)JPHX)4Z9U4_;#6B*$E@ESG*8O

MRH1!0=2(55
=GF#28&9H1VQ@F?G,WSV2*$+W9LR[9%FOE8[4


_V8SD;Z$)'&=2

M;

H-M`J_]:#6QN^1I^S$[W5`]

.6



MZ(T



UZJ5_FL5ZW#FYX$RAK`[W+6OG)

M!XJAA=4CD'$*NQP3=00/SDA]_N#_N]SQ:&7;]83HQ5L*CT^LAP5-%)-1YG


M1SU5R]

VSJ%MU7.1*8-=GH;
M/`K)J(
SYQ-%3PU*'0_TYANMS\C?L(8RF#JJ%RW
I[.EELPH;80A;Z%APQ
MH(4=Z4'?3`5F$)L)2PH5V+430N$;D/6/7*_X6#'1]%KRQIBK'&(U-*K@.
=X


W;S?M#D*ZLF\CJXKP_A
%Y7#K
M)6]40SK_DI]A$#P],CH;5%?A<^G!0R9()1)@CZR8
`RIVK9)I4$CB5)B!V#


DOC@DSV%$;_1M
M_]BU-V0=JR&!FT[30CC\E`A$!Q5O2QL0%/,+72E%@*@2A2`C0UNL4*%%W'

H\_%R#E#7)HEL.E@FA@RGM`R
+A48TT*E9(KK(#)[2&)

.)
M5SC505/M#1@P':NAD7S6L(!PQN=#=D&IEXFRJ1#ZKS]/IFA/YGX
7&=H/3F;



MR/*1

M8=8(#V2W'

P%:%-`:=11T)

?``##8TJ'[]I
7N
'&


04431PAK(F



MU9(%@5\=!=4/
*XGQWC.VZ&CT
A
MU6M6\$`7P#3R@K;'@7@B^T)A\-'W7@B9L2%&RWZ'_*UQL2]313U'][SHM0N!
M9Z@L$GQOPYRI#+5E&<#84PG(Y2U^@(<3VR(?O'=DTQOFQZ&0D^N@?K^V'S1
M`!H^T-?J2@;H-+-+D??+A\U()



M




\^OI$CE




KX[Y.[\7QV'X@?QG1\


M

MYGQ?FYIQ8

M1*Z*:FBM9HLLGX4+1*E$6L8IKS?V+I7:6`MH!.P8M)6/Y[@D4-2H!6`%0`IN

M@`)?50WU$]'+615RJ+-)ICUL+`+A25I5D#J.;($\*HP1L0X+GC_1VEDMW

X8




M
MOCW/;7S/9H]

H*MZJ%\OF=U(=!
&3^\3RDM4
M+FAY&F.&


MT:





M;=B1:&L!M=&=\%C]:;ETES1TV`HO-&]_G6Z7HER&VZ@[[LU85ISFD.+:3!H
MJ@6;&#HWX)?25O7YS:7EQ)*WAEH3B^`H:6LA7KRC+
0]%&9.(#*$X;M8Z@9
MWASM^6SW#U9-OD`OF6UV+;`WX4C

M@`*H
.!B9D:L:^HV%:R#04T]Z
28.?('/&)HNL$+6^O6W7YJ?A

1XWJJ(_5
MUB)(%7*MVY[J;S*?Z9668\X0=B/_#46Y:#(#E!H-@SEIV(KA)_:834CDZ\#*



M3G3.K*'G(.*!2VD
8;YRQ]EFOAU8K06U.EJK_K



L
AI@9^VREA%O
M&F5M6\T19CS6

MT0!K7F

OC+Q5@S']0UUS!@*@\9*`(H!5GC%
M`LP0SZI]2OH@'&)(ZQJE*D5Y@52

M1/T.1Z1KOPQ?Z/4AK#CT1101SV.JVU^\Y/DZV'JOWO;@^I=N_'SQS8VV\:_D

JTK26?$^




M)
&.@DV8QT;!Y*5\#%P:Y2
_E0M\A8E2-#:A3.8@*XE@29H.D%UO$T^0@W



5G

M0R*+::`14
?9/F5$



7)]]?3H`):/1UWPT



KD(]Z`)=`W8C_#=LG477I:$'_?/-/R)L@7
M'
0%`WI;+$N1+/49

MSA:N!5F`]O6=ZCVA9?U:21WUA





Y[9:)%Z0G
U*(JZS`GZ_H


=V\.EB5.
2I
F+VCU(_4?]&ZK07R:(RP;
M=F_UU?^


AS?72Q_?LA3EZ

MPF1GJX]F8SX;8:-W3W2XW6@B



M*ENA:4N(-65-9HI!C^37/;D\A[:`O7485PGU5GBW.NXDD*V?8J(HSV:D=TAS
M6/=$O(V)(0






M&J2U4R$FL0FJ2P%3TI\;I2FJ$EU'K%3TSK0Z0=HRY&)&8IEORJ6]Z?%D)LZV
J1OT<U.;E!F&&'GNY(3!UX7:E*T=6GR5T$-Z&)BB$P=
#CEZRI#/=

!T$


(38E7.6\W^LHI^XCO7





MJ8A'CV\H:\`:3!NPGT




M8);2IL/N!F*\4[.6LF(76S2`*SW'WD*/F6K`@\?NTUE`KSL_T
Q#\J[,F7G
M#W0ZE-G6!1@-\];&K*?'-@O45Y=E2%2''_





MK
V3`;Z^AS+DGY\8\BOAWQ/ZA==.!?O?0H







ZB32;47(O='YW-#VKP'(:
M2YG2MI#'D&YKNS:.2:@CK'O%$='3,G9I8NS[:8\N$1Y=BJO`1*#F5-%$/8

MO.M93@3WLLT#.;Q/7U






M.8]:T**OO$V+4*WO`W&5]OX^@$1N)83;T%FXS0X$EG8FE3]^^1U0))844:ZO



M*@ZS`])_P=[3



B
-[NSINI5S/BM/$`BG'D&^/-

&LK$@1][
&2?


VEG




M0N_^GS4`.=]EJ*)DUF110?:)OH




;SAD!1ANTJ
5']Y$



@$H/3T*HXM&8M!H$D_
M1FX-!T$V^/$^


82;)D
MB'P:GZ84T%^]N-$_




(]6@

B5H8=E`^$M+:@7WS^[

H[#'2JWB-(F667-^`RQ



2O)F8.Z8#](MA^#!(O

PY8F70K4-#-J$8
R(T:'P&UP&J._ZH'


6.^
9B.`[YN


1S5!OB;;


CG&


\
M%68'RKM8EB8;#F=%!Z1W^D+-6-]R4?:A_0@V



2J;


MWK(2(

S1DUAC))NI)BQS!%9

5B8)







MU*8SM4]S`C3U!;L^#0%JQL?O.-IX


MV%3H+:E`MDQOZ208

MWO`;^
/!3E?H






2$
M0

-<L65/O8XFO:,%_N4*K&?)/I








'12^:8
5*K_$I1)-#55BQBZ7


MX-*-G\6KBI*GQUY7%*NB6NWI_-R9G:=+BZDTE(I#UP&B`H%6%TW9-H6S3;[&
M:

MCHY/QF*(H0%6YI=!OP(H.WUP?5H\\/X9X^37*#SLB2WI0H7KTZH=;
GFTN6E


/7TK4'-F/W.,QU\%OQ(S&\Q__Y.&(^.?Y[0:_$C<K#41E+\/@5Z*1^B'*



MJ_'E6`BC+F:VP



Q*FES?(HGTXBE



MQ)LY0Z6&4+DEJ-)
0_N$U6/2


M:?!DP*[KG`SLJQ



T54S_&L%YT0#-OQ&H(
M=_`#@^[O




$O3YTOZ&

MHSOTX)





9O)*PHH`J\)&S.S


M66&\%ZO'QP:;01BMMRK9:ZT^

MU02G;`(@HAKBNP2I8^M
1+J7`U4ZG^3%=+(

2@LK/EY7'*S\:-PVF2:H50UE.F6
M.I]H][Y0#Z7ZH9O4N;F*Z6^8MS



M4*2'8K#


M!=!H@XPC1%9&$V7+(.GB8L
WQ*X.]
[[.Q98+5^C\14`6FG20_GZOL5D7J4:

B12^O`2[JJ00=$TH$7H!%#E!K1S?5;[Y?/$8
MLXWEML^K)`


`?7I5`^65GG5V

4R
M*X]7=`5\R)$*`DO@ZVW4/


[N][&83%^'VJ


I@6

MEQ_W8X:TV9
AABYNJBP9G20M'&&B)RN4?7@BI/;%X21E[Q=!R2H*6QA-:R



M/H&ZB\U6'S$7I7'K\=!+797^*Z&JP*S$VNJS)9S/7G'T&)YFI$V=$E
J^LOB
M84O?7KOG.*?7)X

M&2OP*KXTN2NV9./`$


M%]7!CG*LLU0-M!?8

MJ-=G64]J


7-`X9&MP`2F-J-?Z%CT


X!)%@B<4)]%ADQPB\YN=H91(T5T\+5%



\DW!&CU59'11!M`N-$S%H&390=?!%N:'.R7

H2WX3'?#VQG
?B1V))X-Y%V'CHKV#

XOKM)P=4!8B








M'G'

MQ%IKE$VP*OUSJL7Q2[=TV_6
(%

H%0B?+D)TW8ZC7:]/8:PN(H-T3


$;=FI[3QU




&AC&[A5F'L-TYLOTX!1'L
M*&X7;BNH5\-5

L=504_XT1]-T/AU5$7.]KU43]1-E\+T$C`1^C(IIT*PV;7


'AZ3W[_@K;X
M
4%NA.D:TAE=7;J\_.M?W__VV_NK*[HB_^(.M(@B63OJ:W\-V530&2*BT)6@

M]]\_'8*M9`==_6T(%E!333&

M5HI3

5

PGBXD




0BJUK[$E==PCG2$J)P,,W*9Q7Z/8SC$S)1*;,CI&L*I$1+'
M9L-BH+4L1NU!D/C7K.




NX)!D=K_
M4K$_3@5;@4R=X&Z$J[+7H##


M)'\FCQ.E%7J_#C)A0*BOJ





$-0<_[$\C]F:T
M/?5RI^MTJX:^!=


MT*!V;*?QT;&QT.TDR]1Q9FGN)I-BWU&=WL8Q


HL=#@@[!
M-G*_!;`C*[50K8ZR%-P%@CO/?:1.]H09Q.4GQD13T:S&L<)LNE&\#%,+HZOV
MI5(8OMR&T:*]'B5P#XR%#B&Z='EA
Q@GD-_2_#V\9\'PA_MWZCY-9AH;]1%


_K`2T
/8C`?O5U??+B^N7ZX_GB/+CY?H?N'V\O_^:?;
MFZN/7^[_`WW\S]^O'_YJ
Q1EE:.UO`8
3?EE8`T/PL!-\[:LV?FZ#BS@^[]Z
M6E

V
HF\@[Q&P;)IO<91\,[W#DA<)#.JO6@-$KH]&6)ZK(Y'+MA&+':R6
M@_$

MST[;0+P1ZX!JQ`\

/(RLR-J-N&F+7Y
4%BD[=D&W;8H;X.PU(6V
M0)FO&_!#_1KA47D-&+)E792+&\R=20M

U3


M@T==%08#QY7*Y*PSW



M


C(F





M$1YDV4D04&I-:&NV'`H


DX[]<HC$6]A^2%$;$BUD+Y+I'I),5+
M+BN_?(]).T-,'@Q@#-GGU.W#F31(N+1'71DR+<ZP!C;2LWBR-Z!HW?X['P^


@`WVAABIQO:Q

M0F[#/5_MVBC&P7PVG4S^Q@IWI?+.48149&(R1PVPIL0:MC*:R%0@P;-I.?






M%UT)+I0!P?]@WF+
@53$;`(B<07;?:P1DW7H!9%K-R^!1O@.(]5T/YKJ'94KB'':.O5![/
MP+=E%ZZCB8)=N'83X;!8T(YTJI^L0-'Z;*//



MQ=37F=92*%9:0&D3]B'3D,D.&UTA&6P;8_U%AWN-$.2-^3@'HFDVWUI??B
M#5XYFIHQ*0PBX7$9[/%AAV



?`:T?14V^VN



M62]-E0\R+;


M#UD]F-'$CP*AZ+CX](BDVV!&5_C)$(MN3TP`LS)-

?'LMV&^GIC\9UNVPYK(P
MS;ZVCO2&=&'C2*^)<FP<Z76$FCGNL6&D=QULPA=\([ZBM?K,N(Q0-*RZYK%8
M9Q65*+#Y^^@=E?`3NDAX:HW[Z&.6Q^1&@LI`HVUHW'Y&
AC[X
-;3JJOQQ!

M=S0K
TV3PC$Z[

M&'2E^WZ
4E





M
@]=4+@'$IDT-&C%F+_FLS<
M@B?OT<=&$`LSAX6$.JH?N7%N:-!!45[)\$'9MQ3(05^?:E7^
%EDBUF@E98

&

IM


MI[;R1%F/9[S&+IE[DBF-%VY'SBX=PA73JBM2V2@3CG+I*!4/T#T/8;=3M7N7
MVKW)[
YB`JRSU@-RWF=K^`JBZ[[=[7YSHW_@Y`:[
?X]V+FO840Y4=!YB)\?
EL8&_$$9Z)A_MXA5'[A/^/<:[@W_C[8ZQ
MWU'(R`


KT%2?V)T1
B+-XC
!T4!&]+%GP[)


*X.V



NT


M3KHDR49
%^II=$BU55=54+/63@+5'?V2P?K\)&!=C_).N#[RE=W`_A::@74F
MQTI0I\JIE\



&6R_K&*H^X`#O/%I$']']
M6+1I

-[DTT7



/W.HA:W:%*+J
)86!@&Z[]2@G:4BFVYJIU](


8L8L;O3ZQ]&KM\&7Y-G+&\]
M\ARM3/3@?I?%@@WJC0U?VQ6/@\Q6\_+W%%1';WCRO_$YJ1'M1L*_A5M]2&
M





\XN@QM,DA4PV/L`DX
M#9:D.5ALH%PMOE$E7G6WGQ3]#L\IT*Z&C!9363S86V^/3VBU?65%J.<*I68





C_-NX%


M$NYA@G)ICJESKISKJ)O(.
9ZJL;]@C9XFMU.6/;CONK!T;;CJWY[Z-
3CN:\



M



M!I]2J;?/Q.KV6H7-+XP-GD8MU&OWS2OY!97:A(4X0.#T-Z^$&S\
GMZ3=E^L
M*DXH#;P:=




MD(O^AJUWFJS_F



MARU]A-B61(=-PDO#I4^QA&
ZJ^*%X@#F2P8]T]AQY`=N\C$

M#;N&J@G5RA1)P0M@(S%Q0O

MP8;$J0&=P

<GP1
6;_]*3O(=+%)O%=V+E3\A7K(A
%[=X654UQGY^5[




VSLO3UF)
MO;1X!-I'^




E-1\-Y6;EM(X

_4
8A:^%U%C<FNCOJ





?0[AKZW94?I\B\(

`?ZZ)ZE&

_B!#:1!2-?C'#

=\-)QG#W




4PT*&FDSIJK+,T@DXN8X#-$1*,P0EPX8M)IL@'?`5
MD'G;G:KM,;=]3VQ_I3)!$:85N!7DJ?L)'I%\'_?BD#R3D=V_Q/7GY^!(?!8




*^4KZ9?3=2


K.

M(CC=E+51#$EGLEROVOB&RGU/..&%W49I$^-TMMBI6URF&RJ3F.WR.I:E.YR*


M)^6.[7PR:8
[EVYQC][3?`;D7Z

T4NJ%W0I()`%LG

M!0@\QWJHCYNFC0!Z5P@D@?:3)2/%7E;FT[S'K'-[Z),X$^V#0U%L2@4Z-K
M;`*49H\D?-4@'6C\_S3BG0+.NYC)CM5.XI#0/2;TU7=O5;;9&J`COK^K-[

-NR3U=J=P/W4'24#@5%1/-6C7YY-E$U9I





3N#
&OB`
MR[.;#_K9W



MIB:?'5')B(FVK6OK9K/*C+#%9G#TU8)68%5?UF%0ND!9_$K-B!/XP3N^72F
M-@&$/(1LQLHCE.US*W%A934E9V[:5TKEPU6GHUEIEH]%T-!V_0]52T%ITOQ


=F17J`:O&ARK/K
*C[_'

M3)IP@@




%2-0P8T

MX*@9


M
L)J`

ZT++-;\F?(_+FI
M^-





M




#5FSB



M/19_L05G36$H0E7-0[9@Z
8+
/GG983)(%WC4U??`T9511F-:==$#B\FEOZ*

M%6-B]3



'47^MY&O`K:_J8M^.+J*)=5




M)CE$7O#$L
^V4B\VB??J)1Z.6VZ.5W]_;




MMP2Y`J9ESK





MHU?Y]6[RM\#04%-%N:[^K$CU+0/C@2@-?/&:.?L:EJM:[(/!CC`
Q3!J=HQE

([;R
Y
-/Z

*.26W





K?915OL)MLIQ.TO
L:7N(-HA8
MBRAK$N5MHJ)1E+:*:+-`1US&\]'4=A_)S\&
YRBGU5$WA`!\=+Z8GY'?)?[/
MZ$/$3J0_DZZ8CJ5:'0EVF
8$'^6G:WI_$@

2P9![O:*A%M

O;S-0]
Y5=FL`%GZ%;$F1%YZA2S=PMZX5;#!8R

M6+13=/S4B
L(1TTK;XE

HD<



MX1K*!(@
/M&G


B(VD8MH;
MC$
^N5Z$_NSZ!^:/RCX$;^`
/;[Q'\E4.\%/802Z!=DM^`6P5_4H



*L=9DJ$8[B
MMSI/#N6WD=FT)U\UD&V?[P')Q0KCOX3X6#M08/L\ER.C?)O[##Q\$]99!V

MLVI31;L
=[<9Y8]H8[T


]E
X1VFU\_F2V7\Q,1%4Z=H9;'

M0[9^3@8?LQVI'Q_7'U'IY5ME0(W/VA33V-QK.`S0Q!%Q0Q$?&P9B1CW1M&C6
MW1

M
.T#C)B/+J
G

MW_&-F_PFJ@?W^Q=BP1=

ALKR]\J87;1)5


AW31S$OP#9G);J_)&UX\HB


5VLC=[H63C2J1W(G(-.0\J'-BIC@]R#B&H4


?FE








LGN@;00LP.XI#)\WQXYY/:0Q*1K
MVM).W)ZK


M]:

MG+6A!3&RK5XFW$*


I]S#U7<&G[I#$(A
M[73[3

MJ_



VG@X9
WAF;EZ=`SV3:LI=GT&BGE]'C8U@M

MXWI+R


+WLRO\TC7-



MD8J*%/M0K3]DGTZSBY=4XMBN\8-I1S!P7SP]1?B)WH^9K2S274]Z'H8-MD(R

%[NHT=/)7F




YR9&%LW+OJS;I'Y*




0F5W7
2W*
.*!VZ



M^+C;X4U2;$E_:


:V/R-^U
M8V[=`8#-LVK=[V=T

M5TS\OR$CI-O=0YBX?O4E&=^



MKUPUBULQ6.LA6C#?V:PJ4RI*L9QC5O^+P*7+WS][&]54BO.'Y\:.]KH3Z
M!6S9=1AE&79$?T^K'VK1D:#.
P:D%P!!*\G/9%X]Q$KF;1/XEZX^/CY&:
M#JJT.ITLSBN=0ZEJP==

M-)/E



T53QG(I
$!UX8?0X3'%\=\

W
C)_

Y:(2X9
='#=F?E`C#MDT!;)-G
M(!@VT,D-9#+!]OB5H97OTZLY8B#89_\;:N'^^T+@'^DDF(GLYRNEUGR?AD7

8`39X`&9HW%DD3C?^:'QYS






M3UJ:-GF[#NBMW.R






C+UW_


JNQ.


1IX71DCO=*20TD]1H9

Z;
W;--Q9SF2H(NOHV



V62

UV_..'ZSGLMJX#-5M5O<E)L]#E
MZ]KV]L?


6Q0

^#7=FRWY@A#:%=Y@
MUA7


MN9ODX/J#)$_WT.04LJJ[FZ?*`NOYTEQA7T4RSI5&):U/
15[I
]S(B0-PR1&

M(U?P).M+#.5[1K:%:_(21+S@4
A;/?'-\`X4




[=@]B[%/\
MF_0KQOSU[]/;C)W4K/.U3C&I66R?*`?0&2BMM(LF)Y34W




Y
MK@))-B8'Y/T^ZH_)]8-N'2@W_T

`;Y%HR4B_)(S3=I

M\


P4\ZJT?5
M)HW#
&

M#O3]0];0&_'3_7]LKTM(X_8!/V3VBK;98U?J




M=;9HH6'1J





MNI;TZ1!L?\

I&VX.=`6F-FZRJB%TG2R.#]?KO\VX[%$Y+$L651(

88I0`U=X#TPMY3X.V\C1LD


OH*/RHV;SE'







MR4!?J13$Q$#CH9L]CIX]HV.A%DR-(*C:#AK]M[M+-W[^Y(??XHO'F%7R:?MR

+/&K

6%U'GK;5

6#RJ'D_N9L1C:
M#`4VZF6`4P\XS*0,8PU-4!W0FB6UYH%EP<:*-HU'M+^JI)MH_UV$&[KZ-Z.

)X(T-UO:'

MR\Y1TL75D)?GCLX9S`^:%HF:WO:A[067ER5HO%LHT#!EQ/TX._OF4MT(=8

^\\T4C5KGM


:CZRCH:BQYW0:!)%NHJ5D]

ID!5Y4/_[BTLGZ

M]J;
[H2(B(KT0@O*/K1&-'Z%U9W]A!XP!7WNA.%,AU*_&L?-](_'EV*MNT4
M5(VK&'&)NW4TW)F




-\A%@B(Q5:\[.43VXWR]#5M$8!TH%





X[)D_Q/*[4/*+MHT(!

MMXN
-337@
5JW8F0HUR9=!?S5%AY
^J,W.A`C^K?H+T/)@7JQ1-_=CL+
M7%A.5HOTR$D*_]O6J_
`#Z(-Z(2I;4Y0I#KSGG`




GVKT-QMK
M8(Q(1%\'FX@-0--R_I)+:V5/CSQ&E*BBRI3SY629+;)_1[DTE(N#&22:LFP*






+]2_



&L'-
M%II8R?T6/CR'A]@-MA]IXC'&DD5=X;-CK^^*%%'\[HOSR7EV/.U;B#)9*!
&





!XZ8S5-+`
M14F(7C@T#X4GWOG

*1]XK*[P=7P3;7DAM%06

M]
CTT:^OERIS2:5[ZOH;=)O+CGQZ`51WUMF]=L2XAMCZDHA/FU%8^N3RN*
M#V@JF?!&R=#&+N3&/N8W=DCL'9

M8O$=^?H1O].
/'L7QI[LZB\CHN'I1TM?Y6(QYVNGA:O.4-8RREOF=U6SMM.K

(4QA2X1-_K
MUA///4Z2M%C?7[SDF3Q/_G!Q2)Y#GJEN(BQ;V[5BMH45^UVSQUGV9F32DJ@
M;T0+Q-5`)3U.@IS,.I.Q5'JW^NE0DK:.G.1DI
M(J7\EK0['+@^U?`BV%ZG

6_M
#PLY1P=

MDY*1G28]T;824K_M$IKHJ31-`MUI&H2
3#A.C8JLWVKJ!++.W'
B6TT/SV[R

CD:N


8



#U59\\=.KYF4I
M%8:W-W]ZZ;DU2C)*^9[[U-\\4_2-%UAK=IHSF13&1E\[.[RK9JQLF9';D$


]






&]8'`K!A
M`&;SZ*:#5%RYAA+1A_7!N])F?C\VW%KVZI[,FZP'@SAH*8V9\UP;F!=8(J

=S/[4G.




MX@98N)U6W`JN2.*G4Q1F9HB*
0C%*BCI-5$

_^!A[$?A+^+=L'M*TJC_W).3)LH!
MO7&]E-=UI;.4J7A6R&=[C^4C
#4$DV

M:)Y/;QK;;X+`)

M[;64'@'!+D/`XF.K=V=\:X*;B$\OXGL]H\HM$#A5&AX8AYV'S6I3(E4B`8]6


#$T
3(S



=TSO1C[+N9.5RLG



M+]Y['
7;_8?'!*4HRKP

MFRS;_?6''[Y]^_8'M%Q[R?=Q%`81^H


D/#3;_OP_/<93BUMN=

M_W^O8S_?DF44+6^B+
CV=]$J3K8%T=]](
-^?;IK49\E&WB/$6K.%ZFQ2+*
M#FOR!]+^!^:0/_2D]PEW_/49KWI$/K%8W081GJ3`Q_C-!?N`J]-`U6`5HJ
MDB\X^(B,/'H)4IT,B2]D&Y0%OA=J9^T.GW);U)^!PSBZR5M@QA-RY1H@Z(T




U


`OBK?



M/CR3M`^/R#OY\3[V1IC1XY=&Y*YA!1Z/T:Z/CLCSIS]^^O009QH$(XE/C;EB

MKV:Q_UL[@&.8^`/![PP0;5%J'(=8E4L2[$D4

M
$2_
S/1CKF:^+3H#2`[V9_G7`QW%@A^:XCH*_+YQ:Z4'[+@38?\R1Q\B)V$


MCW;9;9S@_\/2071%P@




MM;QT8J*)C`%T#2QWX3

MS*








M2F[$


M



UE&K3GZ2!03OFPXQR

G?D7XI)_/Z/'[\_


M2*[1^5=`Y]P84
/S;[.&AVX^KA'ZRZP1XFA11Y@^SEM89IN&:I3F+3Q33`8U
M//





MEE9_.;5H'_[\JTBABH


&(?<+=#?/&OJ8MT8?/R1!'WP;)NUF8
MKYBZT<^6V^
=O


L3'S@NJZC]5O2@1FX9(3S








MR7:19QN\$7ZOURR=D[



E/I821'].0&8$(X6&
14I(0
+8='-.\ERR(-T4QZG



4(E5GS*XRU:EZ2P5RJ]O574

MES/F=#(2:^%*'U;RC*&82?MC)*0KQF&LLFW[QDM]08P_2B*9W@,@:=PK\
M_H*]29#RXLWO*_6Z'?ON)-MCJ8:T1#(65'L8C3,^)8UCBY,4Q:]CEZWAQ]
M0!!P=;)&A7GDX*Y;676]40L191HBK1:%M9?2K@BO'RS0UNW`).RBJNE8CF/

70P5PO_R4%%-?E





M=^-/B*NX+K';'S@N[=LVN



Z5(.%:A2T?.AS*RI:M?
4)7H!L^[*)774-G

5^`6)&[G^8'
M!T3N5B?.E9=N;L/X6WJ'S]P$-0Z:0R''/Y-7V)B%'/$('XHAC`3V'J67VSAI



A59TT]9=
8]J-


1(#V

1U=2GF'4-3UVAL%^IZ#3@\'




MDGQ0NYKFB=CNOWA9GI0%[*[B

M8U6@A&M(V%3M8[)UE(YQE^+ED\Z[0-4D.ITO3=7O;KOS@J0P.^#5NZ;ZI#B=





_ON%]%ZWB9%M6TC#QNN4Y:9PW*ND=3+U=2*&T^



E/7K0


$XYE8W)P2R1&
IGYS[ZPJ=DYQP;HJQD&JX@&(
MWH?9[#0`+8@I'55C:@\&


%K[S

MXYGQS.!U)H2V3)Q-&=#U8[Y#X&WMJK:=P56_EB@:;=N0J[XJ556#YX?_T=5-






.BX*L1\#*X':RE9E;K#+?D*
MG:N-`3N0H1Y@`C-XMJP88N?FPJ[PM#$*,I*:=Y1E)2IK49A1MIQO)^
MIB%'3P@+DKE/WK6)UIKK3IJ/(.E.LG_?(3]#R\.[27=%X6UZDCVC]?3=L9T`


MIEJOY-\_RC%WWMTX;X2
@L`4)6]



(A6I/[AQD(UFYCA
JJP/?E



MT1D\RXSKL4%



M2#3
+OE6$;A

4JQVYNP(51;\.8]R(J;CV:
[6AH@MZ;[2Z

8^2S
MDU9HK5U)-P;_S

Q'26MM!.7.G4)L;]TC
R2M&_G]U=[W$




W7ERO8\]5I07K:T&MUL=TG:)M\62_N0I:')(+
&
M

DP'UV$Q<?QGZL*
M995YX\5[O\:JA)\5Y32V<1[1XH?T?L,D2E?Q]C6(O./.*9EI:DX<`0&L(2_

MY&)Y$2WO\9])/#WQ@J=IOCVO5E1(IR\;[WA
BB
Y(`V6H
P+8F5VT2!(7F'Y




O)











&PA[Q^]$M@02*8U-+L\E%O/)J*?X9`#L'C*69SJB*HCIP
MU#?&9505$=/2JNM$/T$B-(1%:R,.H/LEKW=

P//.JGOQTM]KTX:9BP(2'





M$=E@31W3Y:K\:W$PA'$_(

VR]O:EB
M\OAX?:^M:*NS!


M\W)6=.2BPCH4W%4Q)*[43I#::
YF$3&-8I)'H*L&5T706!*1JT971:A:HI::

MSA-


MFV_1&K!A@@US)M*IP@EDHY%1+





MV^D;0RC/KR79YF*+CU3?BYY0Y@7AYR3V44)_#8W;Q:P5X+B@A)3^=FN#Q=A%




)N!%WKC0\61OKZJ^F97;;A7A?J9G(2


MU@7:B516P^:FVUK+/A5RMM1(NNGH5HY*EU7
\7G:.B4A_37E34/:\!(P_N;9XU&$2




MO\7Z^



+JZ92


M9H%!7VV0Y&$@1

+[]&0Y/)2RO

M)ZP%O


MD`B456_=Q@T!OR8+9,LQL[S!M^JEUZ*ELT&I*REQ(KH_2E+,7O5VSRUJYY


M(?Z6I1A55HHAY6-7'0VR..N7#5UU.0R(K(*FXJH#0AO*=/G=59^#S@7::2^9
M2WZ8

\&VEZ%6]?@Z@@@Z1CK2


MZ2T4B#YWM6@DT
M
Z-
3Q


MPLICH?Z01Y8/[RV71!4AM5'G`H[.3%/B-:A


!A-=




MNJM==ST.VOK`G7=):D+2DDI5LU5.86L[G&`Y8O:C[-.2*


SL?0F3;8







5.Z&(UD<9&-FJ;<)JR=-%=\*)8?AA'9]0IUT@B=VOO'



M8SU?[NY6[%D
0B&FIRH&\;-C:ZK+O`FA.P)V_W[A.:X=30RK

M3`TXJ'`@$8\#%0[HV%#-35#D`(*Y()A+/IB+8DTSD9-]Z:6(7)1
'\5)(_.A


-*U


M4CDSWI[MF7/+B
-(M(VN32Q.;/&NY^#RT&C[3UQ/=J
9MVE7[UQ.#[HA_:08
MIX@+T?6
4C&P3B


+J;Y^W
W#F9&.!#




M9T?#-*&8*$0^0S%1JR*?H9CHIS]^^O009R@U44W4C9!&M\/^BC
&8=(PE3?X
MF/%)HO@C2GRR?M=BP4^\

890V]G4!IJ9@BNEL88E6*TH






^RD4R'6&7.=AZ'_P



M



]Y64;^YQN=^+T
I6$1H!?<'=%Q=IWQE(G(U%<7
M3BV#E*N5I)4W(ML`X6H):2UP0@0CI66%K0
SZ@0@(7KFKH;"%!$AV]/=



M`J0I)G2Z5O681ONYFZ4?B[6Q05G@8TP
Z

M/P@
WW-ME2;;%<@HV24MLDF##FIRP`3:LP:5_


MRJ]-E'GE2_L-JF&*;K:[

DK?`1]V'
MVD


M!:3?@VV^Y92

M3$AIK?6`BZ_HQG/672BV6FC[:./5:
I'ZQ9&Y@B?4N0A(%;I\V83DS2RRYFW


3%#DYB7/KFG?
M-/P/3NKZ.HM*T'5IW2M&


JR'S18&*60NP'8;#6KCWY&7L.SV[=\U??`%

M)OJL[JZ#KS_BI(I8%XQ3/`+\R2V`(7_G]!G*#E]XJQ+PS&ZE;IWCN'OHH5%U

VG?WAHM



MU_



:`CP;(CFFDNH?V=R9P-I:U=+K$^


M7*HG'QMR^86?!6^8:B

M!Z#0\2`5P

L6U?!LG*Q1D6'8]QNL.M&Z[OC1%Q-K!S0.!



M
I8#:CA;?NU9&R5FLX@8QL,N82:T88E;]'I`3O".\]],E(Z55^&J;*?0Q
ME+`V


MQ'0J


MJD@4MUZ0%

V[1
@KB+\'3G


(SVG:
M
(%R$5CU8ZB@


*G]!Y2_3=7KLJ$T%Z$+E
MK[E5F8(YL6].G-LI4/G+HG0@H^`[=AY!R!*$+$'($H0L.0H^AQ!R-*4D(20

I?

M*
M6^R34D9KR'!A0RB#^RKDJ4B[


M(T\S


#(F7$:K'[&'7A*4JQ+1.T
MK
PTCZ1('=#V.F9=MZKI`%COB:=F
?M+B7B$K_4
61Z;//2B[L)2Q3A&#
SN




V36[.`U()!



MQ?BCY=
1\7IN.'&,B,8BFPO=DV+SOK9@5^;'
7+8.W8)E[83$_Y+V!M'@1
:-`WF!I3+YC/P<JWP!)U^5
MTM@$W;?!.SKXT@2)9_6`;*L2H\
)R

M45F1O'7MTH@7Z6H%3^E5'(;()\[F2WS!X%.
5)VI%=I:8R7O92MPKOX!._`Y



SP!8
M*CKT74]


\B&[LFUJYO


2EF
_%$8
M!YDQ[4#A++*#RV/=PPX.GO/$WY(,V$.ZAYR''2*O$^Q_]L**Q!$&KWV@F1_
M%RUS+*CM7YW38EJ4
MR#6F;*O?V&\]L0DZ'-TXH8?63\/T_(((9B3G`MT






F+WRSE=+2#W90@.Y_BRIIMO3S:/D^
Y(LQ7

A9N3
MK$WJ(WF0QCE.Q

@#6,1?$GAA]6BS'&.MGI9PM6FJK1^D?HN
MNO3PWWWTO$%(XDCDC#





[1KOXU*J([5D

5`Q5

3SQ7L/MOF6:=]IMS%91#QJ6RU
4'E$_$Y

BV&PQ
Y
=%'4!
MJZ-I36G82YYCIE054^?W5+.5D\*2CEU-QP:+W\E:/9
_FLNK=?W/`HFVK-/$


(G$.F*P[+2=9L




M7+5ZF0''XUC__!7*8XHW6WF33H@@S.,';S6E14/3]62\_TZ1R]QXY6HC\(\
MPYG!^]0F$R

!%!Z1J!S]E5&@H)RDPU``._]
M1&TV2KH-VTS#$]OFYY@7$V3A_=J!(9S[R[4Z




M$


M!:_RRO`C&1B^;/3Q'+0M'2G[0#0W#^3\_Y+U&62%

YU!G9U)U=C0*S&HQ]I,,$KI)RRJ2RXLM48U)C<E?@C\

M



ML/B@=S)5'E'RW)G=):N(D?H!Z&XUSKZ7PEF$!V



4\2PNL)#Y2:]1]@ZN

)LW6!U5%2V;ON&@[`I'DB0)P)8F<[Z[P$OL-(M(6^)A8G<K6K(1FB:+1U
MH?'B*6PPE^WB,L$6!!W`;&Y$LDF?4*KL'@1YB)]3.(=2K(]*9=4A.+_
P]V



31%3F]0[(X6L?Z

MG.;0%^MK7-FD47:5)V3Y]V&N&L):'N\B\H1O\7AO'SZ;P]C
:YPG.G@]#F
Q
MK\5K[!J8;8QC
[??8AV\5J-8RVGSA6UU3ANCV
EIE8M\%_EACJ_ENZCZ19EM

MTR4'L9A/OJRN

M




M`**BCZ?&\%\!0ZF(A!JY?YM1%%Q/Y%A^MQK0OT!LIDXWWA'8CRJA44ZN5%G+

/

MQ=RRKI2B('I#:4;H_?'P[X32'QN4EG]M?/XACK9QA#(OV3_$Y9%TL8WSLX06
D+&(2^/@RK$:G$D)O








K
%G'`O*+9?:;O
MVNM



SJ#@_6]NY&:C!



9X8I_]R;-@BV6
M;/`E5$VW[#$K-831I
QFI.+G)


MVP3]



M.ZR2!8H^*MQ&TZJR
QZV756
/KH9:3H$NCRC48VIFV&H
)TP=H55NI[.@AZ'R&;U5@VJYEE1%?EQ=3^=H#=



M*/T21




MU'R&@LWN8]+NP[83M'
K:9JYZ]9#GDVBB1)/_'*UFC?X#4\630]Q8+:/H/3$




M@W\`

[DF6CV*D8U1Q5W

M=!#.FFCX[/_VMB1';I%M4/+LY3YCYJE-IV^

O=SPX.7[C

-!1M



EAZ)/[WT
M0I*3^KQ!*#
1.7GA%W4'TT=O3R:8O(;E^TF.9R/P7H




6
_H8*0$=^&.N(JW.R_:
\'O

M\-E?YXC$;[_$S=^IS$@

@'1O3=

M=C4#3%8Z)O;%1/M?P)(4`Q1K?`VL1-&B^7SR`!O+H33S^Y?.X(H$)15VM\
;OJ1-=T0E#M

N+S?#.Z#XRJC%
M5SJM8!5NSJI74+2FA?*X16N.6U69?UD(Y5KMN0%Q]\/GIS3&!]*1ZG$U3+



MR/V&W&_(_1[Z[(4
&

4
MK*.RKH/??*?B(EH6_Q66^L#R'WEIRNX!48^/Z8HIIU&&M9+FVJ6%EXMVMVV:

)\JI!4


#TZ_HLL0

M64DW)!ORS0O)_%UD5UZ2D+OM9R_

='@YJ
MZT-V<(MP.=8LU+D^1`?5H`IAO#7?826Y%G80G9_0F%A:X^+%W6+:_+BFY<L


M?C]+N.$]-

?@2R_;$]\RJ=I(M.8=:2+*$7T`(_PU#X`TS?$95C@\



RC5_4)GPT'?

MF:%C.IX


MY#K.7[-5'E;T

MY
J`WT1-#?3YK3^3BZ
9/
MZ+:-Y

M/@IFX

)@2)`S78QP&/KXY7O7+T.26F'MWE&
M#L?:Q^@`ODP;?9F:Z][M@4[&^&KVET\XVU'0Z/T,@M7M1N9O3X)T.K^-0)



JX8
MOXP.KJBEZFC2W^).VX]QX*M/IZ15YGP'?LM$-
VFF.KAB[$@.8X*]\U)B\


;PXUE'+*L4N9

]T%



M+K2F?
6!1N*X3Y(XN8KQS!V\%:)JB
`0H)CH54STK`(MJ[=[=6@9&M0E]4
M\9

M1O9

TGNS([`*1#C:J

M?*X=WT5OW6
'31D-YU^09@4)1+TJ7%([YI4;?G\)XOZI3[Q/O9PLVYJ
AK
M;0GECTE\&R=;[RY:D7^0/XEJ/Z*C@!ID5@WJ/$9N0V^=9G&$;LD93#U$.IM-

M05C:A-
TWZ(E

MW&O@`

UA7=0$!8N$H!\/_TYH^K%!4_G7



91+K#S0$`$`5'V$71(PP(I$:1$
0'?X^]$ZP


K5(Z(ZS=S8*F!$DH?[;KW


)!0
MM=J@54XL$%-!3`4QE5U3$+=&+]X[9$9T5A








M5A!ZK1%Z38B%G+T/`B((B(((N,H!H$0!$(0)4$0G





MJ.LFG(W'%?0:T&N4])I'LGWP!$7EGGJ




424V011:Y),6,9E*60TG?F76YVE(Y[WH2.FVE\ZXI
MH6X]FTT%?'SC66IJN'Z\E;2J]000CR6

MH\IL]%T(;8/0-J70MB*@;;%#?YTM[3GZB)3GYHU1'/@9$PWG22@F[W3.

U]DH<+R*@@HX*
+=Y
MAOG[$D3!-M]6F<=?\<)*'N+HB\
%)+IO?)V`=;Y[I&7HO08)E7^)X;M
4_\

CF:5)\1S3SRTV/&M$$`W@'+U290*0:N0=W['`(%`Q0,006CWYD_&X4#I&0



MP:

M`[D=Y'9!`9-S$





M!4ET0$D4G#@@CYJ71VN3!7O5RE58EQD+I%605IT5O4!:'=S4*G5N@?`*PBL(
7*MXT'<BS(L2#']I9C3;[^

MLJ!Q#G[(+^BA-
PF=T!VT7&EJQJY/[N-')A9P
RB5JW@N*M(X;A*T/C/W`N#







ME=P!X#.1JWIVQ8+#6?QPE5BI=Y8C1&D4D*OVU0T2VUNR)#QYF*0T%R/07S



MZ*Y4\EU-GN^]DKLK^1*6R@O6K



MD@


@X0\@
M


MP%K/F&Y\=Q^NZ$M]MH`_^VFUJ9Q#A3^LJ[DX36XG09%$LO5T`[:2LAT[=-
M.D5B?AFWC4YA-;-D

E3'O0@Z=/[CNLYSXB^))O_2G$_E
M'#P



P&0R3AJ-OS-P/!TXB#D5;

&';]\'

DXZKU:G1W)^&FKCT?

1H54Z6&.D#
[3IXFBC
SOB






M;.R

T1+]E2'_#HQ8]LO6R`D/CZ\;0M%G0[
]



#I/
[?T4[






!5?IW=<RQH?L:<OHTK&4`R6D3$G
M6QUK



882-'

[

MT#%Z4Q.7=R'CA8F%26'D+3U83X&:9


6TVW2*UQ!KAN8C^_B]4*V@]8^
MF+3#Z?+CEF7HC*2`





C

/ED&P




`/738&.Z\5.A9UP*W[S]^S;/R^QM2=+

WL(T[YQ)&ZEA6=/8K#




+KN#()!:
MJ)7Z'<GN!HB/X90<0#


PWH5EX'QN:
#H5;MM\:I4+K

M410_XH-D0``[/?SS-T:E`P8[Y]:.I6/+9+R&)8VA0B$IEKX%`FD@FE5S.Q


MMRFY%DMR7I7]5;GFNF:=(T.+
KG@(M]P6#JT!H$=4'3`PK(K6YYK32?5!=]B


/3?ZY.0.]3ZBQ\%#8+126

MI/+'2]N!\9Q)_@`U0+.J2F1JYKLN\V./D@ZX6(;9DC2IT/93XE[T7OBMX3L^

7-M!WT

[9)UG#5XT;)M^X_#4F:
M-2EX^Y7H#M&$%R[KA^KS4(E2#S=LUH`4=P$'BS+K+[S69/,WP\7U7A8
AZ


M%`8[%OXYI3)A
EK=


M
M-+[8BUL
+`PKQJ`K+/4WJ5=D##LC.6=J'ZV6R50=U*Y&P#PC@_+Z^V1J

M'CI[AD[FR]-P4#^(B@

M`9:OJ?OQS6$L9T?'[]Z].]*YCI;&084S=923S0E8I9_N9:3+OW[UZHV!QUK[

M+47PKX.\W`%^.CA^??#F^/!)A9F(?20H&[J?!'FYOA)
J;K7I%)U@$A11ZB-

DJ




C\_5+?
MG*GX:IS(X



!52U&O8I9FIL9

M'$K*(+W73;VIRO]

9N^5/R0HO_[3JL2G#





M

D9KS60Z
MY8$]XS8GCVF6.6=3)B5:F^Z32Z527`GK6S[7Z^+
.
9:W=$G$VX`/_)O63_#

M+IM=878IT&'?JDM;IC'5YB*B
Y5`']!G!^O5:$X=E?P@V
DC76'__Q4V/58-
M-J2/JP[Z:7);]-KGD4F

M5`^]I$



LKCD@H5*]K@6JT.2P9IC!EG70
M*FX'M9Q







M;:?
HQQC*Y+GUYBH?((X90!!5DP6V1%$%D36KN;!M
:)@'[5V0R.071&CIO\




MW#A@)$W;+-.K^

MQ_(J3I@Z3]G=(Z2L/FC4

MUR7OJ`P^#?+F_[6.JSME'E7ML/M:#B0G4L+:
MP-SANJS9&Y1.C@%\`GC`=I/;[!(I0EV1K%V^


MC_5.F4=5.[RY5XJS6$P97DN`P3VY@U?+0UH]BXVIQFA(;(CJ6/L\-HGOYI(U

M`!H^


#$T
3(S

M3^94=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`58!31H?Q#FRGDP``EB0-

#$T
3(S



#$T
3(S


 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=ths_TwoThousandTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=ths_TwoThousandEighteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_PriorCreditAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=ths_AcquisitionTermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_MendotaIllinoisSoupPlantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_MendotaIllinoisSoupPlantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_SaladDressingPlantSeaforthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=ths_SaladDressingPlantSeaforthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IntangibleAssetsAndOtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IntangibleAssetsAndOtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_GuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IntangibleAssetsAndOtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_NonGuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_IntangibleAssetsAndOtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_FlagstoneFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationNonrecurringAdjustmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_AssociatedBrandsAndCainsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationNonrecurringAdjustmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_ProtenergyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationNonrecurringAdjustmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentOfOperatingOtherCostAndExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradingSecuritiesRealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_FlagstoneFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_FlagstoneFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_FlagstoneFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_FlagstoneFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_FlagstoneFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_FlagstoneFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_ProtenergyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OffMarketLeaseUnfavorable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_ProtenergyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_ProtenergyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_ProtenergyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OffMarketLeaseUnfavorable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_AssociatedBrandsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_AssociatedBrandsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_AssociatedBrandsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_AssociatedBrandsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ths_AssociatedBrandsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnCommodityContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnCommodityContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionSalesOfGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_InsuranceAccrualPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAssociatedWithExitOrDisposalActivitiesOrRestructuringsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCapitalLeasedAsssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_FutureMinimumPaymentsUnderNonCancelableCapitalLeasesOperatingLeasesAndPurchaseObligationsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstandingLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherOperatingCostAndExpenseByComponentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansPensionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansWithdrawalObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansPostretirementBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualCashAwardsGrantedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualCashAwardsGrantedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDateOfFirstRequiredPayment1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFrequencyOfPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleAmountOfUnrecordedBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilityNotRecognizedAmountOfUnrecognizedDeferredTaxLiabilityUndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAxis=us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAxis=us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_CommitmentAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueWithinOneYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueInFourthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueInFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueAfterFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelatedIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ContractualRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ths_EmployeeServiceSharebasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromVestedEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptions'

